LOAN AGREEMENT 
Exhibit 10.3 
  
  
LOAN AGREEMENT 
Dated as of July 15, 2019 
among 
GREAT WOLF LODGE OF THE CAROLINAS, LLC, 
as Borrower, 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
as Lender, 
DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, 
as Lender, 
DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., 
as Syndication Agent, 
and 
CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
as Agent for the Lenders 
  
  
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
  
            Page   
  
ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS   1    
   
SECTION 1.1.     Def initions      1    
SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions   26    
        
  
ARTICLE II THE LOAN      26    
SECTION 2.1. The Loan; Use of Funds   26    
        
SECTION 2.2.     I nterest      27    
SECTION 2.3. Determination of Applicable Interest Rate   27    
        
SECTION 2.4.     P rincipal Payments      29    
SECTION 2.5. Payment; Default Rate; Application of Certain Monies; Priority of 
     Payments; Set-offs      30    
SECTION 2.6. Interest Rate Protection Agreement   32    
        
SECTION 2.7.     I ntentionally Omitted.      34    
SECTION 2.8. Additional Interest   34    
        
SECTION 2.9.     No  Withholdings      35    
SECTION 2.10. Unavailability of LIBOR; Illegality   36    
        
SECTION 2.11.     I ncreased Costs and Capital Adequacy      37    
SECTION 2.12. Usury   38    
        
SECTION 2.13.     Clo sing      38    
SECTION 2.14. Loan Fee Letter   38    
        
SECTION 2.15.     Ca sh Sweep Provisions      38    
SECTION 2.16. FF&E Reserve Account   39    
        
SECTION 2.17.     Co llection and Operating Accounts      40    
SECTION 2.18. Tenant Security Account   41    
        
SECTION 2.19.     Acc ounts      43    SECTION 2.20.     E xtension of Loan      44    
  
ARTICLE III INTENTIONALLY OMITTED   46    
   
  
ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO THE EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS LOAN 
AGREEMENT   46    
   
SECTION 4.1.     Repre sentations and Warranties      46    
SECTION 4.2. Closing Documents, Etc.   46    
        
SECTION 4.3.     P ayment of Fees and Expenses      48    
SECTION 4.4. No Default or Event of Default   48    
        
SECTION 4.5.     No  Casualty or Taking      48    
SECTION 4.6. Adverse Conditions; Internal Approval   48    
        
  
ARTICLE V REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES      49    
SECTION 5.1. Due Organization   49    
        
SECTION 5.2.     Due  Execution      49    
SECTION 5.3. Enforceability   49    
        
SECTION 5.4.     No  Violation      49    
  
i 
 
            Page   
   
SECTION 5.5.     No  Litigation      49    
SECTION 5.6. No Default or Event of Default   50    
        
SECTION 5.7.     O ffsets, Defenses, Etc.      50    
SECTION 5.8. Consents   50    
        
SECTION 5.9.     F inancial Statements and Other Information      50    
SECTION 5.10. Full Disclosure   50    
        
SECTION 5.11.     Acc ounts      50    
SECTION 5.12. Indebtedness   51    
        
SECTION 5.13.     I nsurance Policies      51    
SECTION 5.14. Availability of Utilities and Access   51    
        
SECTION 5.15.     No  Liens      51    
SECTION 5.16. Compliance with Legal Requirements   51    
        
SECTION 5.17.     Cer tain Agreements      51    
SECTION 5.18. Intentionally Omitted   52    
        
SECTION 5.19.     Securit y Documents      52    
SECTION 5.20. Casualty and Taking   52    
        
SECTION 5.21.     B rokerage      52    
SECTION 5.22. Encroachments   52    
        
SECTION 5.23.     F oreign Person      53    
SECTION 5.24. Control Person   53    
        
SECTION 5.25.     G overnment Regulation      53    
SECTION 5.26. ERISA   53    
        
SECTION 5.27.     L abor Relations      53    
SECTION 5.28. Name; Principal Place of Business   53    
        
SECTION 5.29.     I ntellectual Property      54    
SECTION 5.30. Flood Zone   54    
        
SECTION 5.31.     Co ndition of Property      54    
SECTION 5.32. Taxes   54    
        
SECTION 5.33.     Adv erse Contracts      55    
SECTION 5.34. Adverse Claims   55    
        
SECTION 5.35.     Cre ditworthiness      55    
SECTION 5.36. Patriot Act   55    
        
SECTION 5.37.     L eases      55    
SECTION 5.38. Notices under Certain Agreements   56    
        
SECTION 5.39.     Sp ecial Purpose Entity      56    
  
ARTICLE VI INTENTIONALLY OMITTED   56    
   
  
ARTICLE VII GENERAL AND OPERATIONAL COVENANTS      56    
SECTION 7.1. Financial Statements, Reports and Documents   56    
        
SECTION 7.2.     M anagement, Maintenance and Repairs      62    SECTION 7.3.     I nspection of Premises and Books and Records      63    
SECTION 7.4. Compliance with Legal, Insurance and Contractual Requirements   64    
        
  
ii 
 
            Page   
   
SECTION 7.5. Appraisals   65    
        
SECTION 7.6.     P ayment of Impositions      65    
SECTION 7.7. Liens and Encumbrances; Ownership of Collateral   65    
        
SECTION 7.8.     P ermitted Contests      66    
SECTION 7.9. Alterations   67    
        
SECTION 7.10.     L eases      67    
SECTION 7.11. Required Insurance   69    
        
SECTION 7.12.     Da mage or Destruction      70    
SECTION 7.13. Taking of the Mortgaged Property   74    
        
SECTION 7.14.     Appl ication of Proceeds of Casualty or Taking to Loan; Loan Repayment      75    
SECTION 7.15. Costs and Expenses   76    
        
SECTION 7.16.     T ransfers      76    
SECTION 7.17. Defense of Title   79    
        
SECTION 7.18.     Rec ordation and Certain Taxes      79    
SECTION 7.19. Name, Fiscal Year and Accounting Method   80    
        
SECTION 7.20.     Co nsolidation, Merger, Conveyance, Transfer or Lease      80    
SECTION 7.21. Organization Restrictions   80    
        
SECTION 7.22.     Cha nges in Zoning      80    
SECTION 7.23. Limitation on Indebtedness   80    
        
SECTION 7.24.     Dis tributions, Dividends and Affiliate Payments      80    
SECTION 7.25. ERISA   81    
        
SECTION 7.26.     M aintenance of Existence      81    
SECTION 7.27. Subsidiaries and Joint Ventures   81    
        
SECTION 7.28.     L oans to Members, Etc.      81    
SECTION 7.29. Transactions with Affiliates   81    
        
SECTION 7.30.     Adv erse Contracts      82    
SECTION 7.31. Utilities   82    
        
SECTION 7.32.     M argin Stock      82    
SECTION 7.33. Patriot Act Compliance   82    
        
SECTION 7.34.     P ost Closing Requirements      82    
  
ARTICLE VIII EVENTS OF DEFAULT   83    
   
SECTION 8.1.     E vents of Default      83    
SECTION 8.2. Acceleration of Loan   86    
        
SECTION 8.3.     I ntentionally Omitted      86    
SECTION 8.4. Agent’s Right to Complete; Sums Advanced   86    
        
SECTION 8.5.     Ass ignment of Funds      87    
SECTION 8.6. Accounts   88    
        
SECTION 8.7.     No  Liability of Agent or Lenders      88    
SECTION 8.8. Right of Offset   89    
        
SECTION 8.9.     T ermination of Loan Agreement      89    
SECTION 8.10. Right to Perform   89    
        
  
iii 
 
            Page   
  
ARTICLE IX ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS   90    
   
SECTION 9.1.     Ass ignment and Participations      90    
SECTION 9.2. Participation   90    
        
SECTION 9.3.     Av ailability of Records      90    
SECTION 9.4. Borrower’s Facilitation of Transfer   91    
        
SECTION 9.5.     No tice; Registration Requirement      91    
SECTION 9.6. Registry   91    
        
SECTION 9.7.     L ender Interest Rate Protection Agreements      92    
SECTION 9.8. Disclosure by Agent or Lender   92    
          
ARTICLE X AGENT AND LENDERS      92    
SECTION 10.1. Scope of Article X   92    
        
SECTION 10.2.     Ag ent      92    
SECTION 10.3. Distributions   94    
        
SECTION 10.4.     Aut hority, No Reliance; Binding Effect      94    
SECTION 10.5. Loan   95    
        
SECTION 10.6.     E quitable Adjustments      96    
SECTION 10.7. Other Transactions   97    
        
SECTION 10.8.     O bligations Absolute      97    
SECTION 10.9. Indemnification   97    
        
SECTION 10.10.     T axes      98    
SECTION 10.11. Return of Payments   98    
        
SECTION 10.12.     No  Partnership      98    
SECTION 10.13. Resignation and Removal of Agent; Successor Agent   99    
        
SECTION 10.14.     Def aults by any Lender      99    
SECTION 10.15. Purchase Price; Payment for Defaulting Lender’s Pro Rata Share   101    
        
SECTION 10.16.     E lection of Interest Rate; Distribution of Funds to Lenders      101    
SECTION 10.17. Titles   101    
        
  
ARTICLE XI GENERAL CONDITIONS      102    
SECTION 11.1. Indemnity   102    
        
SECTION 11.2.     No  Waivers      104    
SECTION 11.3. Intentionally Omitted   104    
        
SECTION 11.4.     Co ntractors      104    
SECTION 11.5. Agent and Lenders Sole Beneficiaries   104    
        
SECTION 11.6.     E ntire Agreement      104    
SECTION 11.7. Assignment   105    
        
SECTION 11.8.     F urther Assurances; Filing of Financing Statements      105    
SECTION 11.9. Cumulative Remedies   105    
        
SECTION 11.10.     Am endments, Consents, Waivers, Approvals, Etc.      105    
SECTION 11.11. Notices   105    
        
SECTION 11.12.     L imitation on Liability      108    
  
iv 
 
            Page   
   
SECTION 11.13.     B inding Effect      108    
SECTION 11.14. Severability of Provisions   108    
        
SECTION 11.15.     G overning Law and Consent to Jurisdiction      108    
SECTION 11.16. Waiver of Jury Trial   109    
        
SECTION 11.17.     No  Joint Venture      109    
SECTION 11.18. Determinations and Consents of Agent   109    
        
SECTION 11.19.     Relia nce by Agent on Action on Behalf of Borrower      109    
SECTION 11.20. Headings, Etc   110    
        
SECTION 11.21.     I ncorporation by Reference      110    
SECTION 11.22. Counterparts   110    
        
SECTION 11.23.     At torneys’ Fees      110    
SECTION 11.24. Waiver of Consequential Damages Etc   110    
        
SECTION 11.25.     E mployer Identification Number Etc      110    
  
v 
 
Exhibits and Schedules 
  
Exhibit A:    The Land 
Exhibit B: Form of Account Agreement 
   
Exhibit C:    Applicable Lending Office 
Exhibit D: Form of Credit Card Servicer Agreement 
   
Exhibit E-1:    Engineering Report 
Exhibit E-2: Environmental Report 
   
Exhibit F:    Form of FF&E Disbursement Request Exhibit G:    Definition of Special Purpose Entity 
Exhibit H: Agent Wiring Instructions 
   
Exhibit I-1    2011 Operating Budget 
Exhibit I-2 2011 FF&E/Capital Budget 
   
  
Schedule 2.6(a):    Form of Interest Rate Protection Agreement Consent 
Schedule 5.5: Schedule of Disclosed Litigation 
   
Schedule 5.11:    Schedule of Accounts 
Schedule 7.11: Schedule of Insurance Policies and Requirements 
   
Schedule 9.5:    Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
  
vi 
 
LOAN AGREEMENT 
This LOAN AGREEMENT (this “Loan Agreement”) dated as of July 15, 2019, by and 
among GREAT WOLF LODGE OF THE CAROLINAS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having 
an office at c/o Great Wolf Resorts, Inc., 525 Junction Road, Suite 6000 South, Madison, Wisconsin 53717 
(“Borrower”), CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, a banking corporation 
organized under the laws of the Republic of France, having an office at 1301 Avenue of the Americas, New 
York, New York 10019 (“Crédit Agricole”), DEUTSCHE BANK TRUST COMPANY AMERICAS, having 
th
an office at NYC 60-1008, 60 Wall Street, 10 Floor, New York, New York 10025 (“Deutsche Bank”; Crédit 
Agricole, and Deutsche Bank, together with their respective successors and assigns in their capacities as lenders, 
including any Assignees (as hereinafter defined) hereunder, each a “Lender” and collectively “Lenders”), as 
Lender, DEUTSCHE BANK SECURITIES INC., having an office at 60 Wall Street, New York, New 
York 10025, as Syndication Agent, and CREDIT AGRICOLE CORPORATE AND INVESTMENT BANK, 
a banking corporation organized under the laws of the Republic of France, having an office at 1301 Avenue of 
the Americas, New York, New York 10019, in its capacity as agent for Lenders (together with its successors and 
assigns in such capacity as agent for Lenders, “Agent”). 
W I T N E S S E T H: 
WHEREAS, Borrower is the owner of certain real property located in Concord, North Carolina, 
which property is more particularly described in Exhibit A attached hereto (the “Land”), together with the 
improvements now or hereafter located thereon; and 
WHEREAS, Borrower wishes to borrow $56,000,000 (the “Loan Amount”) from Lenders in 
connection with ownership and operation of the Premises (as defined in Section 1.1 hereof) upon the terms and 
conditions contained herein; 
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants contained 
herein and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties 
hereto hereby agree as follows: 
ARTICLE I 
DEFINITIONS 
SECTION 1.1. Definitions. For purposes of this Loan Agreement, the following terms shall have 
the respective meanings set forth in this Article I: 
“Account Agreement” means an agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, 
or such other form of agreement similar in substance and acceptable to Agent, to be executed and delivered by 
Borrower, Agent and the bank at which the Account that is the subject of such agreement is held (if other than 
Agent). 
“Accounts” means, collectively, all accounts of Borrower and all accounts of Property Manager 
held on behalf of or for the benefit of Borrower, including the FF&E Reserve Account, the Tenant Security 
Account, the Cash Sweep Account and the Collection Account. 
 
“Additional Interest” means all sums payable pursuant to Sections 2.8, 2.9 and 2.11 hereof. “Affiliate” means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person: 
(a) which directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries controls, or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person; or 
(b) which, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns or holds ten percent (10%) or more 
of (x) any class of stock or (y) any other ownership interest in such Person; or 
(c) ten percent (10%) or more of the direct or indirect ownership of which is 
beneficially owned or held by such Person; or 
(d) which is a member of the family (as defined in Section 267(c)(4) of the IRC) of 
such Person or which is a trust or estate, the beneficial owners of which are members of the 
family (as defined in Section 267(c)(4) of the IRC) of such Person; or 
(e) which directly or indirectly is a general partner, controlling shareholder or 
managing member of such Person. 
For purposes of this definition, (i) the term “control” (and its correlative meanings) means the 
possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the day-to-day or strategic 
management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise, and 
(ii) Borrower, Borrower Member and each Guarantor shall be deemed to be Affiliates of Borrower and each 
other. 
“Agent” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
“Agent’s Counsel” means such counsel as Agent from time to time may engage on behalf of itself 
and/or Lenders. 
“Agent’s Counsel Fees” means the reasonable fees and disbursements of Agent’s Counsel for 
services heretofore or hereafter rendered to Agent on behalf of itself and/or Lenders in connection with the 
Loan, including the preparation, negotiation, administration and modification of the Loan Documents, and the 
enforcement of Agent’s and Lenders’ rights and remedies under the Loan Documents. 
“Applicable Accounting Standards” means (a) GAAP, and (b) where applicable to such Person, at 
any time, the Uniform System of Accounts. 
“Applicable Excess Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.15 hereof. 
“Applicable Interest Rate” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2(a) hereof. 
  
2 
 
“Applicable Lending Office” shall mean the “Lending Office” of each Lender (or of an Affiliate of 
each Lender) designated for each Lender as of the Closing Date specified on Exhibit C attached hereto or such 
other office of each Lender (or of an Affiliate of each Lender) as each Lender may from time to time specify to 
Borrower as the office by which the Loan is to be made and/or maintained by such Lender. 
“Appraisal” means a written appraisal report of the Premises as the term “appraisal” is defined in 
the Code of Professional Ethics of the Appraisal Institute, meeting the requirements of Title XI of the Financial 
Institutions Reform, Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989, prepared by a professional appraiser retained by 
Agent at Borrower’s expense who is a member of the Appraisal Institute, addressed to Agent and Lenders and in 
form, scope and substance satisfactory to Agent, setting forth such appraiser’s determination of the Appraised 
Value. 
“Appraisal Update” means any written supplement or “update” to an Appraisal, prepared by a 
professional appraiser retained by Agent at Borrower’s expense who is a member of the Appraisal Institute, 
addressed to Agent and Lenders and in form, scope and substance satisfactory to Agent, setting forth such 
appraiser’s determination of the Appraised Value. 
“Appraised Value” means the as-is fair market value of the Premises, which would be obtained in 
an arm’s length transaction between an informed and willing buyer and an informed and willing seller, under no 
compulsion, respectively, to buy or sell, on the appraisal date of the Appraisal or Appraisal Update, as 
applicable. “Approved Capital Expenditures” means, for any fiscal year of Borrower, the Capital Expenditures 
set forth in the Approved FF&E/Capital Budget for such fiscal year that are actually incurred by Borrower 
during such fiscal year. 
“Approved FF&E/Capital Budget” means, for any fiscal year of Borrower, the FF&E/Capital 
Budget for such fiscal year approved by Agent in writing in accordance with Section 7.1(e) hereof and any 
Permitted FF&E/Capital Budget Reallocations and other reallocations thereof and amendments thereto approved 
by Agent in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed so long as no Event 
of Default exists. 
“Approved FF&E Expenditures” means, for any fiscal year of Borrower, the FF&E Expenditures 
set forth in the Approved FF&E/Capital Budget for such fiscal year that are actually incurred by Borrower 
during such fiscal year. 
“Approved Fund” means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate 
of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
“Assignee” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. 
“Assignment and Acceptance” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 hereof. 
“Assignment of Agreements” means that certain Assignment of Agreements dated as of the Closing 
Date made by Borrower in favor of Agent and Lenders. 
  
3 
 
“Assignment of Leases and Rents” means that certain Assignment of Leases and Rents dated as of 
the Closing Date made by Borrower in favor of Agent and Lenders. 
“Assumed Debt Service” means, as of any Testing Determination Date, the greatest of 
(a) (i) if the period from the Closing Date through such Testing Determination date is less than 
twelve (12) calendar months, the annualized Debt Service for such period, or (ii) if the period from the Closing 
Date through such Testing Determination Date is greater than or equal to twelve (12) calendar months, Debt 
Service for the twelve (12)-calendar month period ending on such Testing Determination Date, 
(b) the product of (i) nine and six one-hundredths percent (9.06%) times (ii) the outstanding 
principal amount of the Loan as of such Testing Determination Date, and 
(c) the product of (i) twelve (12) times (ii) the total monthly amount of principal and interest that 
would be required to be paid each month to fully amortize an amount equal to the outstanding principal amount 
of the Loan as of such Testing Determination Date over a 25-year amortization schedule assuming a level 
payment mortgage-style monthly amortization schedule commencing on such Testing Determination Date and 
an interest rate equal to the sum of (A) the then current weekly average yield on United States Treasury 
Securities, as of such Testing Determination Date, adjusted to constant maturities of ten (10) years, as made 
available by the Federal Reserve Board and published in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519), or if 
not so published, determined on the basis of comparable yields published in a publication designated by Agent 
and (B) two and one-half percent (2.50%); 
provided, however, during the Extension Term (if any) and for purposes of determining the Assumed Debt 
Service Coverage Ratio pursuant to clauses (iii) and (v) of Section 2.20(b) hereof, “Assumed Debt Service” 
shall mean, as of any Testing Determination Date, the product of (y) twelve (12) times (z) the total monthly 
amount of principal and interest payments that would be required to be paid each month to fully amortize an 
amount equal to the outstanding principal amount of the Loan as of such Testing Determination Date over a 
twenty (20)-year amortization schedule assuming a level payment mortgage-style monthly amortization 
schedule commencing on such Testing Determination Date and an interest rate equal to the greatest of (i) the 
weighted average Applicable Interest Rate in effect on such Testing Determination Date, giving effect to any 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement then in effect, (or, in the case of a determination pursuant 
to clauses (iii) and (v) of Section 2.20(b) hereof, the Interest Rate Protection Agreement to be in effect during 
the Extension Term), (ii) seven and three-quarters percent (7.75%) per annum, and (iii) the sum of (A) the then 
current weekly average yield, as of such Testing Determination Date, on United States Treasury Securities 
adjusted to constant maturities of ten (10) years, as made available by the Federal Reserve Board and published in Federal Reserve Statistical Release H.15 (519), or if not so published, determined on the basis of comparable 
yields published in a publication designated by Agent and (B) two and one-half percent (2.50%). 
“Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio” means, as of any Testing Determination Date, the ratio of 
(a) Net Operating Income for the twelve (12)-calendar month period ending on such Testing Determination Date 
to (b) the Assumed Debt Service as of such Testing Determination Date. 
  
4 
 
“Authorized Agent Representative” means Agnes Castillo, Maria Pena and any other person 
designated as such by Agent from time to time for purposes of Section 2.3 hereof by delivery of a notice to 
Borrower. 
“Authorized Borrower Representative” means Alex Lombardo and any other person designated as 
such by Borrower from time to time for purposes of Section 2.3 hereof by delivery of a notice to Agent. 
“Base Management Fee” means the lesser of (a) the aggregate amount of all management fees 
payable to Property Manager or its Affiliates with respect to the Premises and (b) three percent (3%) of Gross 
Revenues. 
“Base Rate” means, for any day, a rate of interest per annum equal to the greater of (a) the sum of 
(i) the greater of (y) the rate per annum established by Agent from time to time as its reference rate (which 
Borrower acknowledges is not necessarily Agent’s lowest rate) for short-term commercial loans in Dollars to 
United States domestic corporate borrowers, as determined by Agent on a daily basis, such rate to change as and 
when such reference rate changes, and (z) the Federal Funds Rate, plus one percent (1.00%) per annum, plus 
(ii) the Base Rate Margin, and (b) the LIBOR Rate as would be applicable for a one (1)-month LIBOR Rate 
Period commencing with such day. 
“Base Rate Margin” means four percent (4.00%) per annum. 
“Borrower” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
“Borrower Member” means, individually and collectively, GWROP and any other Person that 
becomes a member of Borrower after the date hereof. 
“Borrower’s Certificate” means that certain Borrower’s Certificate by Borrower in favor of Agent 
dated as of the Closing Date. 
“Business Day” means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial 
banks in New York, New York are authorized or required by law, governmental decree or executive order to 
close. 
“Calendar Quarter” means each of the periods of January 1 through the immediately succeeding 
March 31, April 1 through the immediately succeeding June 30, July 1 through the immediately succeeding 
September 30, and October 1 through the immediately succeeding December 31. 
“Capital Expenditures” means expenditures for repairs, replacements or improvements of or to the 
Premises the cost of which would be capitalized under GAAP. “Capital Expenditures” does not include FF&E 
Expenditures. 
  
5 
 
“Cash Sweep Account” means that certain account at Agent identified in Schedule 5.11 attached 
hereto as the “Cash Sweep Account” and any account(s) in substitution thereof or in addition thereto hereafter 
established in accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Cash Sweep Condition” shall exist 
(a) as of any Testing Determination Date if (i) as of such Testing Determination Date, the Property 
Leverage Ratio shall exceed 6.50:1.00 and (ii) Borrower shall not, by the earlier of (y) five (5) Business Days 
after the date quarterly financial statements with respect to such Testing Determination Date are delivered to 
Agent pursuant to Section 7.1(b) hereof or (z) sixty (60) days after such Testing Determination Date, have made 
a voluntary prepayment of the Loan pursuant to Section 2.4(c) hereof in an amount such that the Property Leverage Ratio, recomputed to take into account such payment, is less than or equal to 6.50:1.00. 
Notwithstanding Section 2.4(c) hereof, no Spread Maintenance Fee shall be payable in connection with such 
prepayment. If a Cash Sweep Condition is determined to exist with respect to any Testing Determination Date 
pursuant to this clause (a), then such Cash Sweep Condition shall be deemed to continue to exist until (A) there 
have been two (2) consecutive subsequent Testing Determination Dates on which (x) the Property Leverage 
Ratio shall be less than or equal to 6.50:1.00 and (B) the financial statements and other documents required to be 
delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 7.1(b) and (c) hereof with respect to the respective Calendar Quarters 
ending on such Testing Determination Dates shall have been delivered to Agent; or 
(b) as of any Testing Determination Date if Borrower shall have failed to deliver to Agent when 
required by this Loan Agreement the financial statements and other documents required to be delivered to Agent 
pursuant to Section 7.1(b) and (c) hereof with respect to the Calendar Quarter ending on such Testing 
Determination Date. If a Cash Sweep Condition is determined to exist with respect to any Testing Determination 
Date pursuant to this clause (b), then such Cash Sweep Condition shall continue to exist only until Borrower 
delivers such financial statements and other documents to Agent (and a Cash Sweep Condition does not 
otherwise exist pursuant to the other terms of this definition). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this definition, a Cash Sweep Condition shall be 
deemed to exist as of the Testing Determination Date immediately preceding the Closing Date. 
“Cash Sweep Limit” means, with respect to any Cash Sweep Condition caused by the failure to 
satisfy clause (a) of the definition of “Cash Sweep Condition” in this Section 1.1, as of any date of 
determination, an amount determined by Agent which, if applied in reduction of the outstanding principal 
amount of the Loan, would have resulted in the applicable such Cash Sweep Condition not existing. 
“Casualty” means damage or destruction to all or any part of the Mortgaged Property. 
“Casualty Proceeds Disbursement Threshold” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12(b) hereof. 
“Central Bank Pledge” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1 hereof. 
  
6 
 
“Closing” means the execution and delivery of this Loan Agreement by Borrower, Agent and 
Lenders. 
“Closing Date” means the date upon which the Closing occurs. 
“Collateral” means the Mortgaged Property and all other property, real or personal, tangible or 
intangible, and all rights thereto, now or hereafter pledged, mortgaged, assigned or delivered pursuant or with 
respect to the Loan Documents or otherwise by Borrower or any other Person to Agent and/or Lenders as 
security for the Obligations. 
“Co-Agent” means each of Crédit Agricole (so long as it maintains the first or second largest 
Commitment of all Lenders) and Deutsche Bank (so long as it maintains the first or second largest Commitment 
of all Lenders), and “Co-Agents” means such Persons, collectively. 
“Co-Agents’ Counsel” means such counsel as either Co-Agent, individually or collectively, from 
time to time may engage on behalf of itself and/or some or all Lenders. 
“Co-Agents’ Counsel Fees” means the reasonable fees and disbursements of Co-Agent Counsel for 
services heretofore or hereafter rendered to the applicable Co-Agent or Co-Agents’ in connection with the Loan, 
including the preparation, negotiation, administration and modification of the Loan Documents, and the 
enforcement of Lenders’ rights and remedies under the Loan Documents. 
“Collection Account” means that certain account identified in Schedule 5.11 attached hereto as the 
“Collection Account” and any account(s) in substitution thereof or in addition thereto hereafter established in 
accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Commitment” means, (a) as to any Lender, the commitment of such Lender to make its Pro Rata 
Share of the Loan, in an amount (i) as of the Closing Date with respect to (y) Crédit Agricole equal to 
$28,000,000 and (z) Deutsche Bank equal to $28,000,000, and (ii) hereafter, as such commitment shall be set 
forth in any Assignment and Acceptance by which such Lender becomes a Lender or by which such Lender assigns a portion of its rights and/or obligations in and to the Loan and the other Loan Documents to an 
Assignee, and (b) as to all Lenders, the aggregate commitment of all Lenders to make the Loan, which aggregate 
commitment shall be the Loan Amount on the Closing Date, as the amounts set forth in the 
foregoing clauses (a) and (b) may be adjusted in accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Comparable Standards” means the standards of operation, use and maintenance required by the 
License Agreement but in any case at least the same standards of operation, use and maintenance of (i) the 
Premises as of the Closing Date and (ii) comparable Great Wolf resorts as of the date in question. 
“Condemnation Proceeds Disbursement Threshold” has the meaning set forth 
in Section 7.13(b) hereof. 
“Crédit Agricole” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
  
7 
 
“Credit Card Servicer Agreement” means an agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D (or 
in another form customarily used by the applicable credit card company, service or agent and reasonably 
acceptable to Agent) among Borrower and/or Property Manager, as applicable, Agent and each credit card 
company, servicer or agency used by Borrower and/or Property Manager in connection with the Premises, 
which agreement shall require the deposit of funds into the Collection Account, among other things. 
“Debt Service” means, as to any period with respect to which Debt Service is being determined, the 
amount of Interest due for any such period, giving effect to any Interest Rate Protection Agreement then in 
effect, plus scheduled principal payments due pursuant to Section 2.4(b) hereof for such period, plus Additional 
Interest due for such period. 
“Debt Service Coverage Ratio” means as of any Testing Determination Date, the ratio of (a) Net 
Operating Income for the twelve (12)-calendar month period ending on such Testing Determination Date, to 
(b) (i) if the period from the Closing Date through such Testing Determination date is less than twelve 
(12) calendar months, the annualized Debt Service for such period, or (ii) if otherwise, the Debt Service for the 
twelve (12)-calendar month period ending on such Testing Determination Date. 
“Debt Service Coverage Ratio Event of Default” shall exist as of any Testing Determination Date if 
(a) as of such Testing Determination Date, the Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio shall not be satisfied, and 
(b) Borrower shall not, by the earlier of (i) five (5) Business Days after the date quarterly financial statements 
with respect to such Testing Determination Date are delivered to Agent pursuant to Section 7.1(b) hereof or 
(ii) sixty (60) days after such Testing Determination Date, have made a voluntary prepayment of the Loan 
pursuant to Section 2.4(c) hereof in an amount such that the Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio, as 
recomputed to take into account such payment, is satisfied. Notwithstanding Section 2.4(c) hereof, no Spread 
Maintenance Fee shall be payable in connection with such prepayment. 
“Default” means any event which, with the giving of notice or the passage of time, or both, would 
constitute an Event of Default. 
“Default Rate” means, as to any date, the actual Applicable Interest Rate for that date plus five 
percent (5%) per annum. 
“Defaulting Lender” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.14(a) hereof. 
“Deutsche Bank” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
“Documentation” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.25 hereof. 
“Dollars” or the sign “$” means dollars in the lawful currency of the United States of America. 
“Eligible Assignee” means any Person that is not Borrower, any Guarantor or any of their respective 
Affiliates and provided that such Person is also any of (i) a commercial bank, 
  
8 
 
savings and loan association, savings bank, finance company or Approved Fund organized under the laws of the 
United States, or any State thereof or the District of Columbia, and having total assets in excess of $200,000,000; (ii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country which is a member of the 
Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (the “OECD”), or under the laws of a political 
subdivision of any such country, and having total assets in excess of $200,000,000, provided that such bank is 
acting through a branch or agency located in the country in which it is organized or another country which is 
also a member of the OECD; (iii) the central bank of any country which is a member of the OECD; (iv) any 
other bank, insurance company, commercial finance company or other financial institution or other Person 
having total assets and surplus capital of not less than $200,000,000, (v) if, but only if, any Event of Default has 
occurred and is continuing, any other bank, insurance company, commercial finance company or other financial 
institution or other Person approved by Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld and (vi) a Lender 
or an Affiliate of a Lender; provided, however, no person or entity shall be an Eligible Assignee hereunder 
unless it complies with the requirements under Article IX below and the assignor shall not have received any 
information and shall have no actual knowledge that such proposed Eligible Assignee is on any Government 
Lists. 
“Engineering Report” means, collectively, those certain reports and assessments set forth 
on Exhibit E-1 attached hereto. 
“Environmental Indemnity” means that certain Environmental Indemnity dated as of the Closing 
Date made by Borrower and GWRI in favor of Agent and Lenders. 
“Environmental Report” means, collectively, those certain reports and assessments set forth 
on Exhibit E-2 attached hereto. 
“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules 
and regulations promulgated thereunder by any Governmental Authority, as from time to time in effect. 
“ERISA Affiliate” means any organization, trade or business, or other arrangement (whether or not 
incorporated) which is treated as a single employer with Borrower within the meaning of IRC Section 414(b), 
(c), (m) or (o) or Section 4001 of ERISA. 
“ERISA Event” means (a) any “reportable event”, as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the 
regulations issued thereunder with respect to a Pension Plan (other than an event for which the 30-day notice 
period is waived); (b) the withdrawal of Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to 
Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer, as defined in 
Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the complete or partial withdrawal of Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from 
any Multiemployer Plan, (d) notice of reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan, (e) the filing of a 
notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under 
Section 4041 of ERISA, (f) the institution, or threat of institution, of proceedings to terminate or appoint a 
trustee to administer a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC, (g) the failure to make any required 
contribution to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (h) the imposition of a lien under IRC Section 412 or 
Section 302 of ERISA on Borrower or any ERISA 
  
9 
 
Affiliate, (i) the existence with respect to any Pension Plan of an “accumulated funding deficiency” (as defined 
in IRC Section 412 or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived, or (j) any event or condition that might 
reasonably be expected to constitute grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the 
appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan or the imposition of any 
liability under Title IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of 
ERISA. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1 hereof. 
“Excess Cash Flow” means, with respect to any period, the excess of (a) Net Operating Income for 
such period over (b) the amount of Debt Service for such period. 
“Excluded Sums” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.3 hereof. 
“Excluded Taxes” means, with respect to any Lender, (a) income, franchise or similar taxes 
imposed on (or measured by) its net income by the United States of America, or by the jurisdiction under the 
laws of which such Lender is organized or in which its principal office is located or in which its Applicable 
Lending Office is located, and (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States of America or any similar law imposed by any other jurisdiction in which such Lender is organized or in which its principal office 
is located or in which its Applicable Lending Office is located. 
“Expenses” means, for any period, operating costs and expenses which are accrued (in accordance 
with Applicable Accounting Standards, consistently applied) or, without duplication, reserved by, or by Property 
Manager on behalf of, Borrower during such period (appropriately prorated for any expenses that, although 
actually incurred in a particular period, also relate to other periods) in connection with Borrower’s ownership 
and operation of the Premises (without duplication of any costs and expenses prepaid during a prior period or 
otherwise paid prior to being incurred or accrued), including (i) a reserve for capital expenditures equal to four 
percent (4%) of Gross Revenues during such period (which is inclusive of and not in duplication of the FF&E 
Reserve), (ii) the fees payable under the Property Management Agreement (but in no event less than three 
percent (3%) of Gross Revenues) and the License Agreement (but in no event less than a license fee equal to 
three (3%) of Gross Revenues, a brand marketing fee equal to one percent (1%) of Gross Rooms Sales (as 
defined in the License Agreement) and a reservation services fee equal to two percent (2%) of Gross Rooms 
Sales attributable to Licensor’s reservation system), (iii) real estate taxes and personal property taxes and any 
taxes in lieu of or in the nature of the foregoing, (iv) sales, payroll, use and occupancy taxes and (v) insurance 
premiums, but excluding (t) nonrecurring and other extraordinary items not expected to be incurred on an annual 
basis, (u) FF&E Expenditures and Capital Expenditures to the extent in excess of the FF&E Reserve Amount 
during such period, (v) amounts funded from insurance or condemnation proceeds, (w) amounts paid from any 
reserve (including amounts paid from the FF&E Reserve Account) maintained by Borrower or any other Person, 
including Property Manager and Agent, on behalf of or for the benefit of Borrower to the extent payment to 
such reserve previously constituted an expense, (x) Debt Service, (y) federal and state income taxes (or any 
other taxes based on income), franchise taxes, other taxes based on income or gross receipts due and owing from 
Borrower, the Premises or any direct or indirect owner of Borrower and any taxes in lieu of or in the nature of 
the foregoing, and (z) depreciation, 
  
10 
 
amortization and any other non-cash items. Notwithstanding that “Expenses” are to be determined on an accrual 
basis as aforesaid, real estate taxes, personal property taxes and any taxes in lieu of or in the nature of the 
foregoing and insurance premiums shall be annualized and insurance premiums payable under blanket policies 
including the Premises shall be allocated among the properties under such blanket policies in each case in a 
manner reasonably acceptable to Agent. For purposes of determining “Excess Cash Flow”, the amounts 
described in the foregoing clause (t) that are incurred in accordance with this Loan Agreement and are accrued 
in any period shall not be excluded from the determination of “Expenses”. 
“Extension Fee” means a fee in an amount equal to one-quarter of one percent (0.25%) of the 
outstanding principal amount of the Loan as of the Initial Maturity Date. 
“Extension Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.20(a) hereof. 
“Federal Funds Rate” means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum (based on a 360-
day year) equal, for each day of such period, to the rate of interest quoted at 11:00 a.m. New York time charged 
on overnight federal funds transactions with member banks of the Federal Reserve System. 
“FF&E” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“FF&E/Capital Budget” means an annual budget for FF&E Expenditures and Capital Expenditures 
as described in Section 7.1(e) of this Loan Agreement. 
“FF&E Disbursement Request” means a written request for disbursement from the FF&E Reserve 
Account pursuant to Section 2.16 hereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F. 
“FF&E Expenditures” means expenditures for the repair, replacement or acquisition (as appropriate) 
of furniture, fixtures and equipment for the Premises, so long as such repairs, replacements or acquisitions 
would be capitalized as an asset for accounting purposes under GAAP. 
“FF&E Reserve Account” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.16(a) hereof. 
“FF&E Reserve Amount” means, for any calendar month, an amount equal to the following 
percentages of Gross Revenues for such calendar month: 
(a) for any month ending prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date, three percent (3.0%); (b) for any month ending after the first anniversary of the Closing Date but prior to the second 
anniversary of the Closing Date, three and one-half percent (3.5%); and 
(c) for any month thereafter, four percent (4.0%). 
  
11 
 
“First Tier Default” means a Default arising from the existence of any facts or conditions described 
in Section 8.1(a)(ii), (b), (k), or (m) hereof (for clarification purposes, without giving effect to any notice or 
grace period). 
“Full Recourse Event” means any of those events or circumstances described in clause (h) of the 
definition of “Recourse Liability Events” in this Section 1.1. 
“Fund” means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, 
holding or otherwise investing in commercial real estate loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary 
course of its business. 
“Funding Direction Letter” means that certain letter dated as of the Closing Date by Borrower to 
Agent pertaining to the disbursement of Loan proceeds to be made on the Closing Date. 
“GAAP” means those generally accepted accounting principles and practices which are recognized 
as such by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants or by the Financial Accounting Standards 
Board or through appropriate boards or committees of that Board after the Closing Date, and which are 
consistently applied for all periods, so as to properly reflect the financial position of a Person, except that any 
accounting principle or practice required or permitted to be changed by the American Institute of Certified 
Public Accountants or the Financial Accounting Standards Board (or other appropriate board or committee of 
that Board) in order to continue as a generally accepted accounting principle or practice may be so changed only 
so long as such required or permitted change shall not have the effect of permitting Borrower’s compliance with 
any financial covenants or performance tests contained in this Loan Agreement when without such change, 
Borrower would not so comply. 
“Government Lists” means (A) the OFAC SDN List, (B) any other list of terrorists, terrorist 
organizations or narcotics traffickers maintained pursuant to any of the Rules and Regulations of OFAC that 
Agent notified Borrower in writing is now included in “Government Lists” or (C) any similar lists maintained 
by the United States Department of State, the United States Department of Commerce or any other government 
authority or pursuant to any Executive Order of the President of the United States of America that Agent 
notified Borrower in writing is now included in “Government Lists.” 
“Governmental Authority” means any federal, state, county, municipal, parish, provincial or other 
government, or any department, commission, board, court, agency, committee, or quasi-governmental unit of 
the United States of America, or any instrumentality of any of them, or any other political subdivision thereof. 
“Gross Revenues” means, for any period, collectively but without duplication, all Operating 
Revenues for such period but excluding proceeds of the Loan, any loan, equity investment or capital 
contribution made by Borrower Member or any other Person to Borrower, Security Deposits until they are 
forfeited by the depositor, interest income, net payments to Borrower under any Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement, casualty and condemnation proceeds and awards and any other income of an extraordinary or non-
recurring nature. “Gross Revenues” shall be determined in accordance with the accrual basis of accounting. 
  
12 
 
“Guarantor” means each of GWRI and any other Person who may hereafter become a guarantor of 
all or any portion of the Obligations under the Guaranty of Payment, the Environmental Indemnity and/or the 
Recourse Liability Agreement or otherwise pursuant to a written agreement, and in any event consented to in 
writing by Borrower in its sole discretion; and “Guarantors” means such Persons collectively. Agent and 
Lenders acknowledge and agree that as of the date hereof GWRI is the sole Guarantor. 
“Guaranty of Payment” means that certain Limited Payment Guaranty dated as of the Closing Date 
made by GWRI in favor of Agent and Lenders. 
“GWRI” means Great Wolf Resorts, Inc., a Delaware corporation. “GWRI Change of Control” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16(e) hereof. 
“GWROP” means GWR Operating Partnership, L.L.L.P., a Delaware limited liability limited 
partnership. 
“GWROPGP” means GWR OP General Partner, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
“Impositions” means and includes all taxes, assessments for public improvements or benefits and 
any payments in lieu thereof, whether or not commenced or completed prior to the date hereof or while any of 
the Obligations are outstanding, water rates and sewer rents, charges, license fees, permit fees, inspection fees 
and other governmental levies or payments, of every kind and nature whatsoever, general and special, foreseen 
or unforeseen, ordinary and extraordinary, which now or at any time hereafter may be assessed, levied, 
confirmed, imposed or which may become a lien upon the Mortgaged Property, or any portion thereof, or which 
are payable with respect thereto, or upon the rents, issues, revenue, income, proceeds or profits thereof, or on the 
occupancy, operation, use, possession or activities thereof, whether any or all of the same be levied directly or 
indirectly or as excise or income or franchise taxes in lieu of taxes which are otherwise imposed upon property 
of the same type as the Mortgaged Property, together with any penalties or other charges with respect to the late 
payment or non-payment thereof. 
“Improvements” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“Indebtedness” means: 
(a) all indebtedness for borrowed money or for the deferred purchase price of property 
or services (including all obligations, contingent or otherwise in connection with letter of 
credit facilities, acceptance facilities or other similar facilities); 
(b) all obligations evidenced by bonds, notes, debentures or other similar instruments; 
(c) all indebtedness created or arising under any conditional sale or other title retention 
agreement with respect to property acquired by such Person (even though the rights and 
remedies of the seller or lender under such agreement in the event of default are limited to 
repossession or sale of such property); 
  
13 
 
(d) all capital lease obligations; 
(e) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, in connection with indemnities, hold 
harmless agreements and similar arrangements and in connection with interest rate exchange 
agreements and similar instruments; and 
(f) all indebtedness of the nature referred to in clauses (a) through (e) above of another 
Person guaranteed directly or indirectly or secured by (or for which the holder of such 
Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any lien, 
security interest or other charge or encumbrance upon or in property (including accounts and 
contract rights) owned by the Person with respect to whom Indebtedness is being determined, 
even though such Person has not assumed or become liable for the payment of such 
Indebtedness. 
“Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1(a) hereof. 
“Initial Maturity Date” means July 15, 2022. 
“Insurance Policies” means the policies of insurance required to be maintained pursuant 
to Section 7.11 hereof. 
“Insurance Requirements” means and includes all provisions of any Insurance Policy, all 
requirements of the issuer of any such Insurance Policy, and all orders, rules, regulations and other requirements 
of the National Board of Fire Underwriters (or any other body exercising similar functions) applicable to or 
affecting the Premises. 
“Interest” means interest payable on the Loan at the Applicable Interest Rate or the Default Rate, as 
applicable. “Interest Period” means the period commencing on each Payment Date and ending on the day 
immediately preceding the next succeeding Payment Date, with the first Interest Period commencing on the 
Closing Date. 
“Interest Rate Protection Agreement” means an agreement with respect to an interest rate cap, swap, 
collar or other interest rate hedge agreement, acceptable to Agent that, in each case, conforms to the 
requirements set forth in Section 2.6 hereof, and the effect of which is to protect Borrower (to the extent set 
forth in Section 2.6 and as Borrower may otherwise elect) from an increase in the rate of interest payable by 
Borrower on the Loan at the Applicable Interest Rate and shall include any Lender Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement. 
“Interest Rate Protection Agreement Consent” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6(a) hereof. 
“IRC” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 
  
14 
 
“Land” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 
“Lease” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage; provided that, for purposes of the 
representations in Section 5.37 hereof and the covenants in Section 7.10 hereof, “Leases” shall not include 
arrangements for the use of guest rooms, meeting/conference space, water park attractions or restaurants, all in 
the ordinary course of business. 
“Lease Letter of Credit” means any letter of credit provided to Borrower by any Lessee under, or 
guarantor of, any Lease as security or otherwise. 
“Legal Requirements” means, collectively, (a) all current and future laws, statutes, regulations, 
ordinances, codes, rules, rulings, orders, judgments, decrees, injunctions and other requirements of any 
Governmental Authority (including those regarding fire, health, handicapped access, sanitation, ecological, 
historic, zoning, environmental protection, wetlands and building laws and the Americans with Disabilities Act 
of 1990, Pub. L. No. 89-670, 104 Stat. 327 (1990), as amended, and all regulations promulgated pursuant 
thereto) in any way directly or indirectly applicable to Borrower or to the acquisition, construction, 
development, sale, use, occupancy, possession, operation, management, maintenance or ownership of the 
Premises, or any part thereof; and (b) all requirements of each Operating Permit. 
“Lender” and “Lenders” have the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
“Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreement” means any Interest Rate Protection Agreement to 
which Borrower and a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender (or Agent or any Affiliate of Agent) are parties in the 
event that Borrower and a Lender or a Lender’s Affiliate (or Agent or Agent’s Affiliate) elect to enter into an 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement. 
“Lessee” means a lessee, sublessee, tenant, subtenant, licensee, concession holder or other Person 
having the right to use or occupy all or any portion of the Premises pursuant to a Lease. 
“LIBOR” means, with respect to any LIBOR Rate Period, (a) the London Interbank Offered rate for 
Dollar deposits in an amount comparable to the Loan Portion with respect to which the applicable LIBOR Rate 
is being determined as appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page (formerly known as Telerate display 
page 3750) (or such other page as may replace LIBOR 01 Page on that service or such other service as may be 
nominated by the British Bankers’ Association as the information vendor for the purpose of displaying British 
Bankers’ Association Interest Settlement Rates for Dollar deposits) at approximately 1:00 p.m. London time (or 
as soon thereafter as practicable) on the date that is three (3) LIBOR Banking Days prior to the first day of the 
applicable LIBOR Rate Period and with respect to which LIBOR is being determined for a time period equal to, 
or if no equal time period is so appearing on Reuters Screen LIBOR 01 Page (formerly known as Telerate 
display page 3750) (or substitute thereof as aforesaid), the time period so appearing which is most 
approximately equal to, such LIBOR Rate Period; or (b) if such method for determining “LIBOR” shall not be 
available, the rate per annum quoted by Agent’s principal London, England office at approximately 1:00 p.m. 
London time (or as soon thereafter as practicable) on the date which is three (3) LIBOR Banking Days prior to 
the 
  
15  
first day of the LIBOR Rate Period for the offering by Agent (or Agent’s London or other office, if applicable) 
to leading banks in the London interbank market of Dollar deposits having a term comparable to such LIBOR 
Rate Period and in an amount comparable to the principal amount of the Loan Portion with respect to which the 
applicable LIBOR Rate is being determined. Notwithstanding the foregoing definition, LIBOR in any event 
shall be no less than one percent (1.00%) per annum. 
“LIBOR Banking Day” means any Business Day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are 
transacted in the London interbank market and banks are also open for business in London, England. 
“LIBOR Rate” means, with respect to any period during which the Applicable Interest Rate shall be 
a LIBOR Rate, an interest rate per annum equal to the sum of (a) the applicable LIBOR, plus (b) the LIBOR 
Rate Margin. 
“LIBOR Rate Margin” means five percent (5.00%) per annum. 
“LIBOR Rate Period” means for any Loan Portion, each period for the computation of Interest on a 
Loan Portion at a LIBOR Rate. Subject to Section 2.3(e) hereof, each LIBOR Rate Period shall have a duration 
of one (1), three (3) or six (6) months (in each case, subject to general availability), as selected by Borrower in 
accordance with Section 2.3(c) hereof, or such other period as Borrower and Agent shall agree. Notwithstanding 
the foregoing, in the case of a LIBOR Rate Period which would otherwise end after the Maturity Date, such 
LIBOR Rate Period shall have a duration equal to the period commencing on the effective date of such LIBOR 
Rate Period and ending on and including the Maturity Date. Each LIBOR Rate Period shall commence with 
respect to any outstanding principal of the Loan, on any date selected by Borrower in accordance 
with Section 2.3 hereof; provided, however, that notwithstanding anything in this definition of LIBOR Rate 
Period to the contrary, (i) if any LIBOR Rate Period would otherwise end on a day which is not a LIBOR 
Banking Day, such LIBOR Rate Period shall be extended to the next succeeding LIBOR Banking Day, unless 
the result of such extension would be to carry such LIBOR Rate Period over into another calendar month, in 
which event such LIBOR Rate Period shall end on the immediately preceding LIBOR Banking Day and (ii) any 
LIBOR Rate Period that begins on the last LIBOR Banking Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which 
there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such LIBOR Rate Period) shall 
end on the last LIBOR Banking Day of the subsequent calendar month. 
“License Agreement” means, collectively, that certain Great Wolf Lodge License Agreement dated 
as of April 28, 2008 (as amended by agreement dated as of July 6, 2011) and that certain Reservation Services 
Agreement dated as of April 29, 2008, each between Borrower and Licensor, together with such modifications 
or replacements thereof as shall be consented to by Agent in accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Licensor” means Great Lakes Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, a wholly-
owned Affiliate of GWRI, and any replacement licensor with respect to the Premises approved by Agent. 
  
16 
 
“Licensor Tri-Party Agreement” means that certain Tri-Party Agreement, dated as of the Closing 
Date, among Borrower, Agent and Licensor. 
“Lien” means any deed of trust, mortgage, pledge, assignment of leases and rents, security interest, 
encumbrance, lien or charge of any kind including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any 
lease in the nature thereof, or the filing of, or any agreement to give, any financing statement under the Uniform 
Commercial Code of any jurisdiction. 
“Loan” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1 hereof. 
“Loan Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Loan Agreement. 
“Loan Amount” has the meaning set forth in the recitals hereof. 
“Loan Documents” means, collectively, this Loan Agreement, the Note, the Mortgage, the 
Assignment of Leases and Rents, the Assignment of Agreements, the Guaranty of Payment, the Environmental 
Indemnity, the Recourse Liability Agreement, the Loan Fee Letter, the Borrower’s Certificate, the UCC 
Financing Statements, the Property Manager Subordination Agreement, the Licensor Tri-Party Agreement, all 
Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreements, all Account Agreements, all Credit Card Servicer Agreements and all other agreements, certificates or other documents now or hereafter evidencing or securing or executed in 
connection with the Loan. 
“Loan Fee Letter” means that certain letter dated as of the Closing Date between Agent and 
Borrower pertaining to fees payable with respect to the Loan. 
“Loan Portion” means any principal of the Loan with respect to which an Applicable Interest Rate 
has been established (and, in the case of any LIBOR Rate, whether or not such Applicable Interest Rate has 
become effective); provided, however, that the amount of any Loan Portion with respect to which a LIBOR Rate 
is established shall be at least equal to $1,000,000. 
“Loan-to-Value Ratio” means the ratio of the outstanding principal amount of the Loan as of the 
date of determination to the Appraised Value of the Premises and based on the then-most current Appraisal or 
Appraisal Update. 
“Major Lease” means a Lease demising 1,000 or more rentable square feet. 
“Material Adverse Effect” means a material adverse effect on (a) Borrower’s, or any Guarantor’s, as 
applicable, business, property (including the Premises and other Collateral) or other assets, operations, prospects 
or condition (financial or otherwise), taken as a whole, (b) Borrower’s or any Guarantor’s, as applicable, ability 
to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, including, with respect to Borrower, 
Borrower’s obligation to keep the Premises open and operating in accordance with Section 7.2 hereof, (c) the 
enforceability or validity of any Loan Document or the perfection or priority of any Lien created under any 
Loan Document, or (d) the rights, interests and remedies of Agent or any Lender under the Loan Documents. 
  
17 
 
“Material Operating Agreement” means any Operating Agreements hereof which either (a) have 
non-cancellable terms of longer than one (1) year or (b) require payments by Borrower in excess of $250,000 
per calendar year. 
“Material Taking” means a Taking (a) of any portion of the Premises unless the portion so taken 
constitutes less than ten percent (10%) of the Land, such land is located along the perimeter or periphery of the 
Land and no portion of the Improvements (other than parking area or roadways, provided that the Premises 
continues to comply with clause (i) below of this definition and at all times have physical access to a public 
road, either directly or through valid recorded easements) is located on such land, or (b) of such portion of the 
Premises or such other property which when so taken would, in Agent’s determination, leave remaining a 
balance of the Premises (and, if applicable, such other property) which, due to the amount and/or nature of the 
area so taken and/or the location of the area taken in relation to the area not so taken, (i) would not, under 
economic conditions, applicable zoning laws, building regulations and the requirements of this Loan 
Agreement, the Leases, the Permitted Encumbrances, the Premises Documents and the Property Management 
Agreement, permit the Restoration of the Premises or (ii) would materially and adversely interfere with the 
marketing, operation, use, leasing or maintenance of the Premises in accordance with the standards set forth 
in Section 7.2(b) hereof. 
“Maturity Date” means the Initial Maturity Date, as the same may have been extended pursuant 
to Section 2.20 hereof, or such earlier date as the entire principal amount of the Loan shall become due and 
payable by acceleration or otherwise. 
“Minimum Debt Service Coverage Ratio” shall be satisfied, with respect to any Testing 
Determination Date (a) on or before the first anniversary of the Closing Date, if the Debt Service Coverage 
Ratio as of such Testing Determination Date is not less than 1.15:1.00, (b) on or before the second anniversary 
of the Closing Date but after the first anniversary of the Closing Date, if the Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of 
such Testing Determination Date is not less than 1.25:1.00 and the Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of 
such Testing Determination Date is not less than 1.20:1.00, (c) on or before the Initial Maturity Date but after 
the second anniversary of the Closing Date, if the Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio is not less than 
1.30:1.00, or (d) during the Extension Term (if any), if the Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio is not less 
than 1.40:1.00. 
“Mortgage” means that certain Deed of Trust, Security Agreement, Financing Statement, Fixture 
Filing and Assignment of Rents dated as of the Closing Date made by Borrower for the benefit of Agent. “Mortgaged Property” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“Multiemployer Plan” means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to 
which Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate has any obligation or liability, contingent or otherwise. 
“Net Operating Income” means, with respect to any period in connection with which a 
determination is being made, the excess, if any, of (a) Gross Revenues for such period over (b) Expenses for 
such period, provided that, solely for purposes of this definition when used 
  
18 
 
to calculate the amount of Excess Cash Flow for any period, “Expenses” shall not include any amounts paid in 
contravention of, or on account of or in connection with any action taken in contravention of, the terms of this 
Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document and “Gross Revenues” shall include income excluded from the 
determination of “Gross Revenues” solely due to its extraordinary or non-recurring nature. 
“Net Proceeds” means the amount of all insurance proceeds paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy 
as the result of a Casualty, after deduction of the costs and expenses (including fees of any insurance consultant 
or adjuster and reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements), if any, incurred in collecting the same. 
“Net Restoration Award” means the amount of all awards and payments received on account of a 
Taking, after deduction of the costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements), if 
any, incurred in collecting the same. 
“Non-Availability Notice” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.10(a) hereof. 
“Note” means, individually and collectively, the Promissory Notes, each dated as of the Closing 
Date, made by Borrower in favor of the respective Lenders in the respective amounts of their Commitments and 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the Loan Amount, together with any replacements or substitutes for 
the foregoing. 
“Obligations” means, collectively, all present and future indebtedness, obligations, duties and 
liabilities of Borrower to Agent and Lenders arising pursuant to this Loan Agreement, any Lender Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement and the other Loan Documents or evidenced by the Note, and all interest accruing 
thereon, together with reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements incurred in the drafting, negotiation, 
enforcement or collection thereof and of the other Loan Documents, regardless of whether such indebtedness, 
obligations, duties or liabilities are direct, indirect, fixed, contingent, joint, several or joint and several. 
“OFAC” means the United States Department of Treasury Office of Foreign Assets Control. 
“OFAC SDN List” means the list of “Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons” 
maintained by OFAC. 
“Operating Account” means, collectively, the account(s) identified in Schedule 5.11 attached hereto 
as the “Operating Account” and any account(s) in substitution thereof or in addition thereto hereafter established 
in accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Operating Agreement” means any agreement entered into by Borrower, other than the Leases, the 
Premises Documents, the Property Management Agreement and the License Agreement, that relates to the 
ownership, operation or maintenance of, or the use, licensing or leasing of any personal property or equipment 
in connection with the operation and maintenance of, the Premises. 
“Operating Permits” means, collectively, all authorizations, consents and approvals given by and 
licenses and permits issued by Governmental Authorities which are 
  
19 
 
required for the ownership, use and occupancy of the Premises in accordance with this Loan Agreement, the 
Loan Documents, all Legal Requirements, the Permitted Encumbrances, the Property Management Agreement 
and the License Agreement and for the performance and observance of all Legal Requirements and all 
agreements, provisions and conditions of Borrower contained herein and therein otherwise pertaining to the 
ownership, use and occupancy of the Premises. “Operating Revenues” means all revenues, receipts, fees and proceeds of any kind actually received 
by Borrower or by Property Manager on behalf of Borrower from or related to the ownership, leasing, use and 
operation of, or otherwise derived from, the Premises, including all Rents, concession fees and charges, 
proceeds from rental or business interruption insurance, sums paid from users of parking spaces, water 
attractions and other facilities or amenities located on the Premises and all other revenues and amounts arising 
from the leasing, use and operation of the Premises. 
“Participant” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2 hereof. 
“Patriot Act” means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools 
Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA PATRIOT ACT) Act of 2001, as the same may be amended 
from time to time, and corresponding provisions of future laws. 
“Patriot Act Offense” means any violation of the criminal laws of the United States of America or 
of any of the several states, or that would be a criminal violation if committed within the jurisdiction of the 
United States of America or any of the several states, relating to terrorism or the laundering of monetary 
instruments, including any offense under the Patriot Act or other criminal laws against terrorism. “Patriot Act 
Offense” also includes the crimes of conspiracy to commit, or aiding and abetting another to commit, a Patriot 
Act Offense. 
“Payment Date” means the first (1st) Business Day of each calendar month during the Term and the 
Maturity Date. “Payment Date” shall also include such earlier date, if any, on which the unpaid principal 
balance of the Loan is paid in full. 
“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and 
any successor entity performing similar functions. 
“Pension Plan” means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject 
to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA, IRC Section 412 or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which a 
Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be 
deemed to be) an “employer” as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. 
“Permitted Encumbrances” means, collectively, (a) the matters set forth in Schedule B of the Title 
Policy, (b) Liens created by the Loan Documents, (c) Liens for Impositions not yet due or delinquent, or for 
Impositions or other charges being contested in good faith in accordance with Section 7.8 hereof, (d) Liens for 
equipment leases permitted under this Loan Agreement and (e) such matters expressly consented to by Agent in 
its discretion. 
  
20 
 
“Permitted FF&E/Capital Budget Reallocation” means a change in any line item in the Approved 
FF&E/Capital Budget of not more than the lesser of (a) ten percent (10%) of the total amount of the line item 
from which such amount is being re-allocated or (b) $100,000; provided, however, that any change of $50,000 
or less shall not require the consent of Agent. 
“Permitted Indebtedness” means any Indebtedness of Borrower under (i) the Loan Documents, 
(ii) loans or other advances made from direct or indirect members of Borrower to Borrower to pay for costs of 
Capital Expenditures, FF&E Expenditures and other expenses with respect to the Premises, provided such loans 
and advances are expressly subordinate to the Obligations and unsecured, (iii) incidental indemnity and hold 
harmless agreements under agreements entered into by Borrower in accordance with this Loan Agreement, 
(iv) unsecured trade payables incurred by Borrower in the ordinary course of operating the Premises which 
(y) do not exceed, at any time, in the aggregate, $1,000,000 and (z) are paid within sixty (60) days of the date 
incurred other than amounts disputed in good faith which are not likely to and do not result in a Material 
Adverse Effect and with respect to which appropriate reserves are made by Borrower and (v) unsecured 
indebtedness incurred by Borrower in the ordinary course of operating the Premises for financing equipment and 
other personal property used on the Premises which (y) does not exceed, at any time, in the aggregate, $250,000, 
and (z) is paid in accordance with the terms of such indebtedness (which terms shall be customary equipment 
financing terms). 
“Permitted Personal Property Transaction” means any (a) sale of inventory in the ordinary course of 
business and in compliance with the operating standards set forth in Section 7.2(b) hereof, provided such 
inventory is not needed to maintain such operating standards or to comply with the License Agreement, (b) the sale, assignment, trade, transfer, exchange or other disposition of any item of Personal Property in the ordinary 
course of business and in compliance with the operating standards set forth in Section 7.2(b) hereof which 
(i) has become obsolete or worn beyond practical use or inadequate, unfit or unadapted for use in the operation 
of the Premises or the removal and/or replacement of which would result in a cost savings, (ii) has been replaced 
by a substitute having a value or utility equal to or greater than the replaced item when new, which replacement 
item is owned by Borrower and is subject to a first, perfected security interest in favor of Agent for the benefit 
of Lenders or (iii) is set forth in the applicable Approved FF&E/Capital Budget, and (c) equipment financing 
which qualifies as Permitted Indebtedness. 
“Permitted Transfer” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16 hereof. 
“Person” means an individual, partnership, limited partnership, corporation, limited liability 
company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated association, joint venture, or other entity of 
any kind. 
“Personal Property” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“Premises” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“Premises Documents” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
  
21 
 
“Pro Rata Share” means with respect to all matters relating to any Lender, the percentage obtained 
by dividing (a) the Commitment of such Lender by (b) the aggregate Commitment of all Lenders, in each case 
as of the date of determination. 
“Property Leverage Ratio” means, for any Testing Determination Date, the ratio of (a) the 
outstanding principal amount of the Loan as of such Testing Determination Date to (b) Net Operating Income 
for the twelve (12) calendar month period ending on such Testing Determination Date. 
“Property Management Agreement” means that certain Management Services Agreement dated as 
of April 23, 2008 between Borrower and Property Manager, together with such modifications or replacements 
thereof as shall be consented to by Agent in accordance with this Loan Agreement. 
“Property Manager” means Great Lakes Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, a 
wholly-owned Affiliate of GWRI, and any replacement property manager of the Premises approved by Agent in 
writing. 
“Property Manager Subordination Agreement” means that certain Property Manager Subordination 
and Attornment Agreement dated as of the Closing Date among Borrower, Property Manager and Agent. 
“Public Company” means a company that is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, Inc. or other 
public exchange in the United States of America and is subject to the oversight of and regulation by the United 
States Securities and Exchange Commission. 
“Qualified Counterparty” means a financial institution (other than a Lender) whose senior long term 
debt is rated A or better by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group, A2 or better by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., 
or equivalent rating by Fitch Inc. or other nationally recognized rating agency, and which is otherwise 
confirmed in writing by Agent as being acceptable to Agent. 
“Recourse Liability Agreement” means that certain Recourse Liability Agreement dated as of the 
Closing Date made by GWRI for the benefit of Agent. 
“Recourse Liability Events” means, collectively, any or all of the following: 
(a) fraud or willful misconduct on the part of Borrower, Borrower Member, any 
Guarantor or any Affiliate of any such Person; 
(b) an intentional breach of a material representation or warranty on the part of 
Borrower, Borrower Member or any Guarantor; 
(c) appropriation or application of Loan proceeds, Operating Revenues, insurance 
proceeds, condemnation awards, Security Deposits, sums payable pursuant to any Interest 
Rate Protection Agreement, or proceeds of the disposition of all or any portion of the Collateral in contravention of this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document, including a 
breach by Borrower or Property Manager of Section 2.15 or 2.17 hereof (including the 
second-to-last sentence of Section 2.17(c) hereof); 
  
22 
 
(d) distributions, dividends or payments made in contravention of Section 7.24 hereof; 
(e) intentional physical waste of the Mortgaged Property or any part thereof; 
(f) any Transfer in contravention of this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
(g) the incurrence of any Indebtedness by Borrower, whether secured or unsecured, in 
contravention of this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document; 
(h) the occurrence of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (j) of Section 8.1 hereof 
(excluding, from such clause, for the purpose of this definition only, the reference to any 
Guarantor) or the occurrence of a Default or an Event of Default pursuant 
to clause (k) of Section 8.1 hereof (excluding from such clause, for purposes of this 
definition, the reference to any Guarantor) as a result of an action taken by Borrower, 
Borrower Member, any Guarantor or any Affiliate of any thereof in collusion with another 
Person or the failure of Borrower or Borrower Member to contest or otherwise seek dismissal 
of any proceeding or petition referred to therein; 
(i) any Liens, now or hereafter existing, on any Collateral having priority over the 
Liens securing the Obligations other than the Permitted Encumbrances; 
(j) any sums becoming due and payable by Borrower pursuant to ERISA caused by any 
act or omission of Borrower, Borrower Member or any Guarantor, other than sums becoming 
due and payable in the ordinary course of plan administration provided such sums are paid 
when due; 
(k) the enforcement of the Loan or any of the Loan Documents, provided that liability 
pursuant to this clause (k) shall be limited to costs and expenses (including reasonable legal 
fees) paid or incurred by Agent or Lenders in connection therewith or arising out of such 
enforcement; 
(l) the imposition of any transfer taxes and/or fees by a Governmental Authority as a 
result of (i) the transfer of the Premises or any portion thereof, including pursuant to a 
foreclosure, deed in lieu of a foreclosure or otherwise following the Maturity Date or (ii) any 
bankruptcy proceeding filed by or against Borrower, Borrower Member or any Guarantor; or 
(m) the failure to procure and maintain insurance in accordance with the requirements 
of Section 7.11 hereof. 
  
23 
 
“Register” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.6 hereof. 
“Release Conditions” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.12(d) hereof. 
“Rents” has the meaning set forth in the Mortgage. 
“Requisite Lenders” means, at any time, non-Defaulting Lenders having Commitments representing 
at least sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the total Commitments of all non-Defaulting Lenders at 
such time. 
“Restoration” means in case of a Casualty or a Taking, the restoration, replacement or rebuilding of 
the portion of the Premises affected by the Casualty or Taking such that when such restoration, replacement or 
rebuilding is completed, the Premises shall have been restored, in the case of any Casualty, substantially to the 
same character and condition as prior to such Casualty, and in the case of any Taking, to an integral unit as 
substantially similar as possible, taking into account the extent of the Taking, to substantially the character and 
condition of the Premises prior to such Taking, in each case in accordance with this Loan Agreement, all Legal 
Requirements, the Leases, the Premises Documents, the Permitted Encumbrances, the Property Management 
Agreement and the License Agreement and to the extent any alterations or additions were made in compliance 
with this Loan Agreement, with any such alterations or additions. In any case, Restoration shall (i) provide 
substantially the same amount and type utilities and at least ninety percent (90%) of the parking spaces (of the same type) applicable to the Premises as existed prior to such Casualty or Taking (but in no case less than what 
is required by Legal Requirements and the Permitted Encumbrances), (ii) provide sufficient (in Agent’s 
reasonable determination) access across and over the Premises to the public roads and highways (either directly 
or indirectly through valid recorded easements that benefit the Premises) and (iii) be such that the Loan-to-
Value Ratio of the Premises, as determined by an Appraisal at Borrower’s expense, when so restored, together 
with the amount of any Net Proceeds or Net Restoration Award received by Agent and applied in repayment of 
the principal amount of the Loan, shall be equal to or less than fifty-five percent (55%). 
“Security Deposit” means any cash security or other deposit given by or on behalf of a Lessee to the 
landlord under a Lease. 
“Security Documents” means, collectively, this Loan Agreement, the Mortgage, the Assignment of 
Agreements, the Assignment of Leases and Rents, any Account Agreement, the UCC Financing Statements and 
any other Loan Document entered into to secure the Obligations. 
“Significant Alteration” means with respect to any fiscal year of Borrower, any alteration, building 
or improvement in, to or otherwise with respect to the Premises which costs or will cost in excess of $1,000,000 
or, when aggregated with all related alterations, buildings and improvements made by or on behalf of Borrower 
at the Premises, costs or will cost in excess of $1,000,000; provided, however, that the costs of the currently 
contemplated alteration to the Premises to include a building to be used primarily as an exhibit hall, 
meeting/conference space and multi-use facility for youth sports, with related facilities and a connection to the 
existing conference space via a covered walkway, up to a maximum of $1,200,000, shall not count against such 
limit, and such planned alterations shall not constitute a “Significant Alteration”. 
  
24 
 
“Special Purpose Entity” has the meaning set forth on Exhibit G attached hereto. 
“Spread Maintenance Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 
“Spread Maintenance Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(c) hereof. 
“Survey” means that certain survey dated February 20, 2008 and last revised July 11, prepared by 
Eagle Engineering and designated as Project No. 3297. 
“Taking” (and its correlative meanings) means any temporary or permanent taking by any 
Governmental Authority of the Premises or any portion thereof through eminent domain, condemnation or other 
proceedings or by any settlement or compromise of such proceedings, or any voluntary conveyance of such 
property or any portion thereof during the pendency of any such proceedings. 
“Taxes” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 hereof. 
“Tenant Security Account” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.18 hereof. 
“Term” means the period commencing on the Closing Date and ending on the Maturity Date. 
“Testing Determination Date” means the last day of each Calendar Quarter. 
“Title Company” means First American Title Insurance Company. 
“Title Continuation” means an endorsement to the Title Policy indicating that, since the Closing 
Date or the most recent Title Continuation, as applicable, there has been no change in the state of title to the 
Premises (except for, in either case, Permitted Encumbrances) and no Liens or survey exceptions not theretofore 
approved by Agent as provided herein or otherwise permitted by this Loan Agreement, which endorsement shall 
contain no exception for inchoate mechanic’s liens and shall have the effect of redating the Title Policy to a date 
specified by Agent. 
“Title Policy” means the mortgagee title insurance policy in favor of Agent issued on the Closing 
Date, including all endorsements thereto. 
“Transfer” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.16 hereof. 
“UCC Financing Statements” means such UCC financing statements as Agent shall deem necessary 
or desirable to perfect Agent’s security interest in the Collateral (or any portion thereof). “Uniform System of Accounts” means the accounting standards printed in the then most recently 
revised edition of A Uniform System of Accounts for Hotels, as adopted by 
  
25 
 
the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. and the American Hotel and Motel Association, as amended or 
changed from time to time by the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. and the American Hotel and Motel 
Association (or other appropriate board or committee of both Associations); except that any accounting 
principle or practice required or permitted to be changed by the Hotel Association of New York City, Inc. and 
the American Hotel and Motel Association (or other appropriate board or committee of both Associations) in 
order to continue as an accounting standard or practice may be so changed only so long as such required or 
permitted change shall not have the effect of permitting Borrower’s compliance with any financial covenants or 
performance tests contained in this Loan Agreement when without such change, Borrower would not so comply. 
“Withdrawal Liability” means at any time the aggregate liability incurred (whether or not assessed) 
with respect to all Multiemployer Plans pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA or for increases in contributions 
required to be made pursuant to Section 4243 of ERISA. 
SECTION 1.2. Other Definitional Provisions. 
(a) All terms defined in this Loan Agreement shall have the above-defined meanings when used in 
the Note or any of the other Loan Documents, or in any other certificate, report or other document made or 
delivered pursuant to this Loan Agreement, unless the context therein shall otherwise require. 
(b) Whenever appropriate herein or required by the context or circumstances, the masculine shall be 
construed as the feminine and/or the neuter, the singular as the plural, and vice versa. 
(c) The words “hereof”, “herein”, “hereunder” and similar terms when used in this Loan Agreement 
shall refer to this Loan Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Loan Agreement. 
(d) The words “include” and “including” wherever used in this Loan Agreement or any other Loan 
Document shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”. 
(e) Any reference to any Loan Document or any other document, instrument or agreement in this 
Loan Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall be deemed to mean such Loan Document or other 
document, instrument or agreement, as applicable, as it may from time to time be amended, supplemented, 
restated, consolidated, severed, split, extended, substituted for, partially released, replaced, increased, waived, 
cross-collateralized, renewed or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents. 
ARTICLE II 
THE LOAN 
SECTION 2.1. The Loan; Use of Funds. Subject to the conditions and upon the terms herein 
provided, each Lender severally agrees to lend to Borrower and Borrower agrees to borrow from each Lender, 
on the Closing Date, an amount equal to such Lender’s 
  
26 
 
Commitment, which Commitments in the aggregate shall equal the Loan Amount, or such lesser amount as shall 
be the maximum amount available pursuant to the terms of this Loan Agreement (the “Loan”). The Loan shall 
be made by Lenders ratably in proportion to their respective Commitments. The Loan shall be evidenced by the 
Note. Interest and Additional Interest, if any, shall be payable in accordance with the Note and this Loan 
Agreement. The Loan shall be repaid with Interest, Additional Interest, costs, fees and charges as more 
particularly set forth in this Loan Agreement, the Note, the Mortgage and the other Loan Documents. Principal 
amounts of the Loan which are repaid for any reason may not be reborrowed. Borrower shall use the proceeds of 
the Loan to refinance the existing mortgage loan with respect to the Premises and to pay the costs incurred by 
Borrower and its Affiliates to close the Loan; provided, however, that in any case, Borrower shall not use any of 
the Loan proceeds in any manner or for any purpose that violates Legal Requirements or which could result in 
the Loan being in violation of, or in any penalty or liability of Agent or any Lender under, the Patriot Act or 
similar Legal Requirements. SECTION 2.2. Interest. 
(a) Interest at the Applicable Interest Rate. Until paid in full, and subject 
to Sections 2.5(c) and 2.10 hereof, each Loan Portion shall bear interest at an interest rate (an “Applicable 
Interest Rate”) which shall be a LIBOR Rate or Base Rate as designated by Borrower pursuant 
to Section 2.3 hereof or as otherwise provided in Section 2.3 hereof. 
(b) Interest Payments. Borrower shall pay Interest as provided in this Loan Agreement on each 
Loan Portion on each Payment Date, in arrears, for the Interest Period then ending. Borrower shall pay 
Additional Interest as and when provided herein. 
(c) Calculation of Interest. 
(i) Interest accruing at the Applicable Interest Rate shall be calculated on the basis of the 
actual number of days elapsed and a year of 360 days. 
(ii) Any change in the Base Rate shall be automatically effective as of the day on which 
such change in rate occurs. 
(iii) Each determination of an interest rate by Agent pursuant to any provision of this Loan 
Agreement shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower in the absence of manifest error. 
SECTION 2.3. Determination of Applicable Interest Rate. 
(a) Applicable Interest Rate. 
(i) The initial Applicable Interest Rate for the Loan shall be the LIBOR Rate selected by 
Borrower in writing and delivered to Agent on the Closing Date. 
(ii) The Applicable Interest Rate (and any related LIBOR Rate Period) from time to time 
applicable to any Loan Portion upon and after the expiration of any LIBOR Rate Period with respect to such 
Loan Portion shall be determined in the manner set forth in Section 2.3(b) and (d) hereof. 
  
27 
 
(iii) After a conversion election, each Loan Portion shall bear interest during each applicable 
Interest Period at the Applicable Interest Rate as shall have been designated pursuant to Section 2.3(b) hereof, or 
as otherwise provided in Section 2.3(d) hereof. In connection with the selection or conversion of the Applicable 
Interest Rate pursuant to Section 2.3(b) hereof, Borrower shall specify the principal amount of the Loan Portion 
for which such selection or conversion is being made. 
(iv) At any particular time, the sum of all Loan Portions shall equal the outstanding principal 
amount of the Loan. 
(b) LIBOR Rate Conversion Options. Subject to Sections 2.5(b) and 2.3(e) hereof, Borrower may 
elect to convert the Applicable Interest Rate (i) with respect to any Loan Portion which bears interest at the Base 
Rate, from the Base Rate to a LIBOR Rate effective on any LIBOR Banking Day, or (ii) with respect to any 
portion of the Loan which bears interest at a LIBOR Rate, from such LIBOR Rate to another LIBOR Rate 
effective upon the expiration of the then current LIBOR Rate Period; provided, however, that (x) there shall not 
have occurred and be continuing any Event of Default, (y) the circumstances referred to 
in Section 2.10(a) hereof shall not have occurred and be continuing, and (z) after giving effect to such 
conversion, the number of LIBOR Rates in effect shall not exceed, in the aggregate, three (3). If Borrower 
wishes to convert the Applicable Interest Rate on any Loan Portion as permitted by the preceding sentence, an 
Authorized Borrower Representative shall give notice thereof (which shall be irrevocable) to Agent to the 
attention of an Authorized Agent Representative prior to 3:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the day that is not 
less than three (3) LIBOR Banking Days prior to the proposed conversion date specifying (A) the principal 
amount of the Loan with respect to which such conversion shall occur, (B) the proposed conversion date, which 
shall be determined in accordance with the preceding sentence, and (C) the applicable LIBOR Rate Period. 
(c) Intentionally omitted. 
(d) Reversion to Base Rate or One-Month LIBOR Rate. If an Authorized Borrower 
Representative fails timely to notify an Authorized Agent Representative in accordance with Section 2.3(b) hereof of Borrower’s election of a LIBOR Rate or Base Rate for any Loan Portion with an 
expiring LIBOR Rate Period or fails to provide all of the information required by Section 2.3(b) hereof for the 
election of a LIBOR Rate, the Applicable Interest Rate on such Loan Portion shall automatically upon the 
expiration of such LIBOR Rate Period convert to a LIBOR Rate for a LIBOR Rate Period of one (1) month or, 
if such one-month LIBOR Rate Period would end after the Maturity Date, the Applicable Interest Rate shall 
convert to, at Agent’s option, either the Base Rate or a LIBOR Rate for a LIBOR Rate Period having a duration 
equal to the period commencing upon the expiration of such expiring LIBOR Rate Period and ending on and 
including the Maturity Date, subject, in any case, to the proviso in the definition of “LIBOR Rate Period” 
herein. If Borrower is not permitted to elect a LIBOR Rate pursuant to clause (x) or (z) of Section 2.3(b) hereof, 
the Applicable Interest Rate on such Loan Portion shall automatically upon the expiration of such LIBOR Rate 
Period convert to a Base Rate. 
  
28 
 
(e) Interest Rate Corresponding to Interest Rate Protection Agreements. Notwithstanding 
anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 2.3, at all times that Borrower is required to cause one or more 
Interest Rate Protection Agreements to be in effect pursuant to Section 2.6(a) hereof, Borrower shall cause a 
portion of the Loan corresponding to the notional amount with respect to which any such Interest Rate 
Protection Agreements were established to have an Applicable Interest Rate which is a LIBOR Rate having a 
LIBOR Rate Period of one (1) month. 
SECTION 2.4. Principal Payments. 
(a) Principal Payment at Maturity. Borrower shall pay the unpaid principal balance of the Loan in 
a single installment on the Maturity Date, together with all accrued Interest and all other sums due under the 
Loan Documents. 
(b) Amortization Payments. On the first (1st) Payment Date of each Calendar Quarter after the 
Closing Date, Borrower shall pay to Agent, in addition to Interest then due, an amount equal to, in the case of 
the first four (4) payments, $125,000, and in the case of each subsequent payment, $375,000, which shall be 
applied in reduction of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan. Prepayments of the Loan made pursuant 
to Section 2.4(c) or other provision hereof shall not reduce the amount of such scheduled amortization 
payments. 
(c) Optional Prepayments. Borrower may, upon at least five (5) Business Days’ prior written 
notice to Agent, prepay the Loan, in whole or in part (in amounts equal to at least $1,000,000), in accordance 
with this Section 2.4(c); provided, however, that if such prepayment is made during the period from the Closing 
Date through the date twenty-four (24) months after the Closing Date (such period, the “Spread Maintenance 
Period”), as a condition to such prepayment, Borrower shall, concurrently with such prepayment, pay to Agent 
for the pro rata benefit of the Lenders the applicable Spread Maintenance Fee (as defined below). Any such 
prepayment notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the Payment Date and amount of the prepayment. 
Concurrently with, and as a condition to, any such prepayment, Borrower shall pay to Agent all sums required to 
be paid Agent or Lenders pursuant to, and shall otherwise comply with, Section 2.4(f) hereof. As used herein, 
the “Spread Maintenance Fee” shall be one and one-half percent (1.50%) of the amount prepaid, in the case of a 
st
prepayment made before the first (1 ) anniversary of the Closing Date, or one percent (1.0%) of the amount 
st
prepaid, in the case of a prepayment made on or after the first (1 ) anniversary of the Closing Date but before 
nd
the second (2 ) anniversary of the Closing Date. In addition, in the event the Maturity Date is accelerated during 
the Spread Maintenance Period, a Spread Maintenance Fee computed as though the entire outstanding principal 
amount of the Loan were prepaid as of the date of acceleration shall be due and payable by Borrower upon such 
acceleration. 
(d) Other Sums. Borrower shall pay to Agent all other sums owed to Agent and/or Lenders 
pursuant to the Loan Documents when such sums are due and payable as provided in the applicable Loan 
Document, or if not provided therein, within ten (10) Business Days after the due date thereof or if demand is 
expressly required, within ten (10) Business Days after written demand by Agent. To the extent any other such 
sums are determined on a per diem or similar basis, such sums shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year 
and the actual number of days elapsed. 
  
29 
 (e) Mandatory Prepayment. Borrower shall be required to prepay the Loan at any time and from 
time to time upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances requiring prepayment described in this Loan 
Agreement (including Section 2.15 hereof) or the Mortgage by paying the principal amount so required to be 
prepaid. Concurrently with any such prepayment, Borrower shall pay to Agent all sums required to be paid to 
Agent or Lenders pursuant to, and shall otherwise comply with, Section 2.4(f) hereof. 
(f) Reduction of Interest Rate Protection Arrangement and Payment of Other 
Sums. Concurrently with any payment or prepayment of principal pursuant to Section 2.4 (c) or (e) hereof, 
Borrower shall, as a further condition of such prepayment, (w)(1) in the case of any Lender Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement other than an interest rate cap, if the prepayment reduces the amount of the Loan subject 
to the Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreement, cause a reduction of the notional amount of such Lender 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement in an amount equal to the excess of the notional amount of such Lender 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement over the outstanding principal balance of the Loan taking into account such 
prepayment, (2) pay all sums, if any, payable by Borrower pursuant to any Interest Rate Protection Agreement 
with respect to such reduction and (3) provide evidence to Agent of Borrower’s compliance 
with clauses (1) and (2) above, (x) pay all accrued and unpaid Interest to and including the date of such 
prepayment on the amount being prepaid, (y) pay all Additional Interest and any other amounts due and payable 
under any Loan Document as a result of such repayment or prepayment and (z) if such repayment or 
prepayment repays the entire outstanding amount of the Loan, pay all other outstanding amounts then due and 
payable under the Loan Documents. 
SECTION 2.5. Payment; Default Rate; Application of Certain Monies; Priority of Payments; 
Set-offs. 
(a) Manner of Payment. All sums payable by Borrower to or for the account of Agent or any 
Lenders under this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be made in Dollars and in immediately 
available funds not later than 1:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the date when such payment is due and shall 
be payable by wire transfer in accordance with the wiring instructions attached hereto as Exhibit H or such other 
wiring instruction as Agent may provide to Borrower from time to time. Funds received by Agent after 1:00 
p.m. (New York City time) shall be treated for all purposes as having been received by Agent on the 
immediately succeeding Business Day, and Borrower shall be responsible for any costs of Agent and Lenders 
resulting therefrom, including any Additional Interest or overdraft charges. 
(b) Payment on a Non-Business Day. Whenever any payment to be made under the Loan 
Documents shall be stated to be due, or if the Maturity Date would otherwise occur, on a day which is not a 
Business Day, such payment shall be made, and the Maturity Date shall occur, as applicable, on the immediately 
succeeding Business Day. Any such extension of time shall be included in the computation of payment of 
Interest (including interest at the Default Rate), fees, and Additional Interest. 
  
30 
 
(c) Default Rate. 
(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in another Loan Document, 
if an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, the Loan shall bear Interest from and including the 
date of the occurrence of such Event of Default (after as well as before judgment) at a fluctuating rate of interest 
per annum equal to the Default Rate, which interest at the Default Rate shall be payable upon demand of Agent. 
Interest accruing at the Default Rate shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days elapsed and a 
year of 360 days. 
(ii) If Borrower shall fail to make a payment on the due date therefor (i.e., the scheduled due 
date or within the required number of days following written demand therefor to the extent provided under the 
Loan Documents) of any sum under the Loan Documents (whether principal (other than principal which is 
accruing interest at the Default Rate pursuant to Section 2.5(c)(i) above), Interest, Additional Interest or other 
amounts), such sum shall bear Interest from and including the date such payment is due to but excluding the 
date such payment is made (after as well as before judgment) at a fluctuating rate of interest per annum equal to 
the Default Rate with respect to such sum. 
(iii) Agent’s failure to collect interest at the Default Rate at any time shall not constitute a 
waiver of Agent’s right thereafter, at any time and from time to time (including upon acceleration of the 
Maturity Date or upon payment in full of the Loan), to collect such previously uncollected interest at the Default 
Rate or to collect subsequently accruing interest at the Default Rate. (d) Late Payment Fee. Borrower shall pay to Agent for the account of the Lenders a late payment 
premium in the amount of five percent (5%) of any principal payment, Interest, Additional Interest, fee or other 
amount payable under any Note, this Loan Agreement or the other Loan Documents made more than seven 
(7) days after the due date thereof (i.e., the scheduled due date or within the required number of days following 
written demand therefor to the extent provided under the Loan Documents), which late payment premium shall 
be due with any such late payment. The acceptance of a late payment premium shall not constitute a waiver of 
any Default or Event of Default then existing or thereafter arising. Agent’s failure to collect a late payment 
premium at any time shall not constitute a waiver of Agent’s right thereafter, at any time and from time to time 
(including upon acceleration of the Maturity Date or upon payment in full of the Loan), to collect such 
previously uncollected late payment premiums or to collect subsequently accruing late payment premiums. 
(e) Priority of Payments. All payments received with respect to the Loan shall be applied on 
account of sums due and owing pursuant to the Note, this Loan Agreement, the Mortgage or the other Loan 
Documents in the following order of priority: 
first, to the payment of all amounts due and then owing pursuant to the Note, the Loan Agreement 
and the other Loan Documents which do not constitute either principal or Interest; 
second, to the payment of Interest due and then owing; and 
  
31 
 
third, to the unpaid principal balance of the Loan (and such payments applied to principal shall be 
applied first to the portion of the principal balance of the Loan, if any, not subject to an Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement, and then to the remaining portion of the principal balance of the Loan subject to an Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement); 
provided, however, in the event that an Event of Default shall have occurred and shall then be continuing, or 
such payments are insufficient to pay all amounts then due and owing pursuant to the Loan Documents, all such 
payments, including sums received in connection with the exercise of any remedies pursuant to the Loan 
Documents, shall be applied in such order and manner as the Requisite Lenders shall elect; 
and provided, further, that, the Requisite Lenders may apply payments first to satisfy the portion of the 
Obligations, if any, for which Borrower, any Guarantor or any other Person has no personal, partnership, 
company or corporate liability, and then to the remaining Obligations. 
(f) No Set-offs. All sums payable by Borrower under the Note, this Loan Agreement and the other 
Loan Documents shall be paid in full and without set-offs, counterclaims, deductions or withholdings of any 
kind. 
SECTION 2.6. Interest Rate Protection Agreement. 
(a) Interest Rate Protection Agreement. On or before the Closing Date, Borrower shall enter into 
and satisfy all conditions precedent to the effectiveness of an Interest Rate Protection Agreement that shall 
satisfy all of the following conditions and shall thereafter maintain such Interest Rate Protection Agreement in 
full force and effect from the Closing Date through the Initial Maturity Date: 
(i) The Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall be an interest rate cap, swap, collar or other 
derivative product acceptable to Agent, the effect of which is to protect Borrower against upward fluctuations of 
LIBOR (as opposed to the LIBOR Rate) applicable to a LIBOR Rate Period of one (1) month in excess of three 
percent (3.0%) per annum during the Term and in a notional amount equal to eighty percent (80%) of the Loan 
Amount; 
(ii) The Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall be entered into between Borrower and, at 
Borrower’s option, (A) Agent or an Affiliate of Agent if Agent or such Affiliate and Borrower shall elect to 
enter into an Interest Rate Protection Agreement, (B) Crédit Agricole or another Lender or an Affiliate of Crédit 
Agricole or another Lender if Crédit Agricole or another Lender or such Affiliate and Borrower shall elect to 
enter into an Interest Rate Protection Agreement or (C) a Qualified Counterparty; 
(iii) In the case of an Interest Rate Protection Agreement that is an interest rate cap 
agreement, all sums payable by Borrower on account of the purchase price for the Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement during the term of the Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall have been paid in full on or prior to 
the effective date thereof; (iv) Borrower’s interest in such Interest Rate Protection Agreement, including all rights of 
Borrower to payment thereunder and any residual value thereof, shall have been collaterally assigned to Agent 
pursuant to the Mortgage and the Assignment of Agreements; 
  
32 
 
(v) The financial institution which is party to such Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall 
have executed and delivered to Agent a consent to the collateral assignment of Borrower’s interest in such 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement referred to in clause (iv) above pursuant to a consent in the form annexed 
hereto as Schedule 2.6(a) or otherwise in form and content reasonably acceptable to Agent (the “Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement Consent”); and 
(vi) Such Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall be satisfactory to Agent in form and 
content. 
(b) Failure to Provide Interest Rate Protection. In the event that Borrower breaches its obligation 
to enter into and maintain an Interest Rate Protection Agreement in full force and effect as set forth 
in Section 2.6(a) hereof, in addition to Agent’s rights and remedies hereunder or under the other Loan 
Documents, Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, at Borrower’s sole cost and expense and on Borrower’s 
behalf, enter into an Interest Rate Protection Agreement as may be required pursuant to Section 2.6(a) hereof. In 
the event that Agent shall elect to enter into an Interest Rate Protection Agreement on Borrower’s behalf, such 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement, at Agent’s election, may be a Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreement. In 
the event that Borrower breaches its obligations to enter into or maintain an Interest Rate Protection Agreement 
in full force and effect as set forth in Section 2.6(a) hereof and during the continuance of such breach, Agent is 
hereby irrevocably appointed the true and lawful attorney of Borrower (coupled with an interest), in its name 
and stead, to execute such an Interest Rate Protection Agreement and all necessary documents ancillary thereto, 
and for that purpose Agent may execute all necessary agreements and instruments, and may substitute one or 
more persons with like power, Borrower hereby ratifying and confirming all that its said attorney or such 
substitute or substitutes shall lawfully do by virtue hereof. All sums paid and liabilities incurred by Agent 
pursuant to this Section 2.6 shall be paid by Borrower (and not from the proceeds of the Loan) within ten 
(10) Business Days after Agent’s demand with interest at the Default Rate to the date of payment to Agent and 
such sums and liabilities, including such interest, shall be deemed and shall constitute advances under this Loan 
Agreement and be evidenced by the Note and be secured by the Security Documents. 
(c) Obligation of Borrower Unaffected by Interest Rate Protection Agreement. No Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement shall alter, impair, restrict, limit or modify in any respect the obligation of Borrower to 
pay Interest or Additional Interest on the Loan, as and when the same becomes due and payable in accordance 
with the provisions of the Loan Documents. 
(d) Termination, etc. of Interest Rate Protection Agreement. Borrower shall not terminate, 
modify, cancel or surrender, or permit the termination, modification, cancellation or surrender of, any Interest 
Rate Protection Agreement without the prior consent of the Requisite Lenders. Within ten (10) Business Days 
after Borrower obtains knowledge of or receipt of notice (which may be given by Agent or a Lender) of a 
default by the financial institution that is a party to any Interest Rate Protection Agreement, Borrower shall 
substitute for such defaulted Interest Rate Protection Agreement another Interest Rate Protection Agreement (to 
which the Person that defaulted under the defaulted Interest Rate Protection Agreement is not a party) so that, 
after giving effect to such substitution, Borrower is in compliance with the requirements 
of Section 2.6(a) hereof. 
  
33 
 
(e) Receipts from Interest Rate Protection Agreements. All payments due to Borrower pursuant 
to any Interest Rate Protection Agreement, including upon any termination thereof, shall be payable to and held 
by Agent; provided, however, that all periodic “net payments” and any other payments due to Borrower so 
received by Agent in connection with a payment made by a counterparty to an Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement shall be applied by Agent on account of Interest then due and payable or which becomes due and 
payable on the Loan. If an Event of Default occurs, Agent may, in its sole discretion, for so long as such Event 
of Default is continuing and in addition to any other rights and remedies hereunder, apply the amounts so held 
by Agent to the Loan or other amounts due under the Loan Documents at Agent’s election. Until such time as all 
Obligations have been paid in full, Borrower shall have no right to withdraw or otherwise apply any funds 
received by Agent on account of any Interest Rate Protection Agreement. Such funds shall constitute additional security for the Obligations, a security interest therein being granted hereby. In the event Borrower receives any 
sums pursuant to or in connection with any Interest Rate Protection Agreement, it shall immediately pay such 
sums to Agent. 
(f) Security. No Interest Rate Protection Agreement shall be secured by all or any portion of the 
Collateral unless it is a Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreement, in which case such Lender Interest Rate 
Protection Agreement shall be secured pari passu with the other sums secured by the Mortgage and other 
Security Documents. 
SECTION 2.7. Intentionally Omitted. 
SECTION 2.8. Additional Interest. Borrower shall pay to Agent the following losses, costs and 
expenses of Agent or any Lender incurred or reasonably estimated by Agent or such Lender, as applicable, to be 
incurred: 
(a) All “breakage” charges, i.e., losses, costs and expenses (including internal charges but excluding 
consequential damages and excluding lost LIBOR Rate Margin) incurred by reason of obtaining, liquidating or 
redeploying deposits or other funds acquired by Agent or such Lender to fund or maintain the Loan as a result of 
any prepayment of the Loan or any delay or failure to prepay the Loan when required hereunder or otherwise; 
and 
(b) Any sums becoming payable by Borrower pursuant to any Lender Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement, including any termination thereof. 
In any of the foregoing events, Borrower shall pay to Agent, (i) as to amounts due under clause (a) above, 
concurrently with the principal payment, in the case of such breakage charges in connection with a payment of 
principal, and within ten (10) Business Days after written demand in all other cases or (ii) in the case of any 
Lender Interest Rate Protection Agreement, within ten (10) Business Days or such shorter period as shall be 
specified therein after written demand, such amount as shall equal the amount of the Additional Interest certified 
by Agent (or the applicable Lender) to Borrower by reason of such event. A certificate as to the amount of such 
Additional Interest submitted by Agent to Borrower setting forth Agent’s (or the applicable 
  
34 
 
Lender’s) basis for the determination of Additional Interest shall be conclusive evidence of the amount thereof, 
absent manifest error. Failure on the part of Agent to demand payment from Borrower for any Additional 
Interest attributable to any particular period shall not constitute a waiver of Agent’s (or the applicable Lender’s) 
right to demand payment of such amount for any subsequent or prior period. 
SECTION 2.9. No Withholdings. All sums payable by Borrower under the Note, this Loan 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents, shall be paid in full and without set-off or counterclaims and free of 
any deductions or withholdings for any and all present and future taxes, levies, imposts, deductions, duties, 
filing and other fees or charges, excluding Excluded Taxes (collectively, “Taxes”). In the event that Borrower is 
prohibited by any law from making any such payment free of such deductions or withholdings with respect to 
Taxes, then Borrower shall pay such additional amount to Agent as may be necessary in order that the actual 
amount received by Lenders after such deduction or withholding (and after payment of any additional Taxes due 
as a consequence of the payment of such additional amount) shall equal the amount that would have been 
received if such deduction or withholding were not required; provided, however, that Borrower shall not be 
obligated to pay such additional amount on account of a specific Lender if at the time such Lender became a 
“Lender” hereunder, Borrower is required to deduct or withhold any sums solely because such Lender had a 
legal basis to deliver, but failed to deliver, to Borrower a duly executed copy of United States Internal Revenue 
Service Form W-8 BEN, W-8 ECI, W-9 or other form or statement prescribed by law from time to time and 
applicable to a Lender (in such number of copies as may be prescribed by law from time to time), and any 
required renewal thereof, as the case may be, which, pursuant to the applicable provisions of an income tax 
treaty between the United States and the country of residence of the Lender, the IRC, or any applicable rule or 
regulation under the IRC, indicate that such Lender is entitled to receive payments under the Loan Documents 
without deduction or withholding of any United States federal income taxes, or at a tax rate that is reduced to 
zero (or, upon written request of Borrower specifying the applicable form which such Lender may in accordance 
with law sign with no disadvantageous consequences to it or any of its affiliates as determined by such Lender, 
at a reduced rate of tax or deduction), and as result of such failure, Borrower was prohibited by the IRC from 
making any such payment free (or at a reduced rate as aforesaid) of such deductions or withholding. 
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Section 2.9, in no event will any Lender’s failure to deliver any such forms, or any renewal or extension thereof, affect, postpone or relieve Borrower from any obligation to pay 
Interest, principal, Additional Interest and other amounts due under the Loan Documents (other than as 
expressly set forth above in this Section 2.9). Such additional amount shall be due concurrently with the 
payment with respect to which such additional amount is owed in the amount of Taxes certified by Agent (or the 
applicable Lender). A certificate as to the amount of Taxes submitted by Agent to Borrower setting forth 
Agent’s (or the applicable Lender’s ) basis for the determination of Taxes shall be conclusive evidence of the 
amount thereof, absent manifest error. Failure on the part of Agent to demand payment from Borrower for any 
Taxes attributable to any particular period shall not constitute a waiver of Agent’s (or the applicable Lender’s) 
right to demand payment of such amount for any subsequent or prior period. In the event that Borrower is 
obligated to pay any additional amounts described in this Section 2.9 in respect of the Loan, the applicable 
Lender shall, at no cost to such Lender, make commercially reasonable efforts to designate another of its lending 
offices to be the Applicable Lending Office of such Lender if, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, doing 
so would avoid or materially reduce 
  
35 
 
such additional amounts payable by Borrower and would not be disadvantageous to such Lender. Nothing in the 
immediately foregoing sentence shall postpone Borrower’s obligation to pay such additional amounts as and 
when they become payable hereunder. 
SECTION 2.10. Unavailability of LIBOR; Illegality. 
(a) Unavailability of LIBOR. If on any date on which Borrower seeks to establish a LIBOR Rate 
as the Applicable Interest Rate pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof or if Section 2.3(d) hereof applies, Agent 
determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrower absent manifest error) that 
(i) Dollar deposits in an amount approximately equal to the then outstanding principal balance of the Loan 
Portion bearing interest at a LIBOR Rate are not generally available at such time in the London interbank 
Eurodollar market for deposits in Eurodollars, (ii) reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining LIBOR, or 
(iii) the Applicable Interest Rate would be in excess of the maximum interest rate which Borrower may by law 
pay, Agent shall promptly give notice (the “Non-Availability Notice”) of such fact to Borrower and the option 
to convert to or to continue the Applicable Interest Rate on such Loan Portion as a LIBOR Rate shall be 
suspended until such time as such condition no longer exists. In the event that the option to elect, to convert to 
or to continue an Applicable Interest Rate as a LIBOR Rate shall be suspended as provided in 
this Section 2.10(a), effective upon the giving of the Non-Availability Notice, and if applicable, effective as of 
the first date that the one (1) month LIBOR Rate Period would otherwise be in effect pursuant 
to Section 2.3(d) hereof, interest on the Loan Portion for which a LIBOR Rate was to be determined shall be 
payable at the Base Rate, from and including the date of the giving of the Non-Availability Notice (or the date 
that the one (1) month LIBOR Rate Period would otherwise be in effect pursuant to Section 2.3(d) hereof, if 
applicable) until the Maturity Date or until any earlier date on which a LIBOR Rate shall become effective for 
such Loan Portion pursuant to Section 2.3 hereof following the giving of notice by Agent to Borrower that the 
conditions referred to in this Section 2.10(a) no longer exist (Agent agreeing to give prompt notice to Borrower 
if such conditions no longer exist). 
(b) Illegality. In the event that at any time while any Loan Portion bears interest at a LIBOR Rate, 
any Lender determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding on Borrower) that it shall become 
illegal for such Lender to maintain the Loan or a portion thereof on the basis of one or more LIBOR Rates, 
Agent shall promptly after receiving notice thereof from such Lender give notice of such fact to Borrower, and 
the option to elect, to convert to or to continue the Applicable Interest Rate on any Loan Portion as a LIBOR 
Rate shall be suspended until such time as such condition shall no longer exist (Agent agreeing to give prompt 
notice to Borrower if such conditions no longer exist). In the case of existing Loan Portions affected by the 
circumstances described in the immediately preceding sentence, the Applicable Interest Rate on such Loan 
Portion shall be converted automatically to the Base Rate (unless such Lender determines that such conversion 
is not required with respect to any existing Loan Portion) and shall be payable at the Base Rate in the same 
manner as provided in Section 2.10(a) hereof. 
  
36 
 
SECTION 2.11. Increased Costs and Capital Adequacy. 
(a) Borrower agrees to pay Agent additional amounts (without duplication of any other amounts 
payable in respect of increased costs pursuant to this Loan Agreement) as Agent shall reasonably determine will compensate Lenders for additional costs incurred in maintaining the Loan or any portion thereof outstanding or 
for the reduction of any amounts received or receivable as a result of any change after the date hereof in any 
applicable law, regulation or treaty, or in the interpretation or administration thereof by any domestic or foreign 
governmental authority charged with the interpretation or administration thereof (whether or not having the 
force of law), or by any domestic or foreign court, (i) changing the basis of taxation of payments to any Lender 
(other than taxes imposed on all or any portion of the overall net income of any Lender by the United States or 
by any political subdivision or taxing authority of the United States), (ii) imposing, modifying or applying any 
reserve, special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, credit 
extended by, or any other acquisition of funds for loans by any Lender (whether directly, indirectly or on a 
portfolio wide basis) or (iii) imposing on any Lender any other condition affecting the Note or the Loan. 
(b) If any Lender shall determine in good faith that (i) any change enacted after the date hereof in 
the application of any law, rule, regulation or guideline adopted or arising out of the July 1988 report of the 
Basel Committee on Banking Regulations and Supervisory Practices entitled “International Convergence of 
Capital Measurement and Capital Standards,” including the draft Capital Accord proposed to replace such 
report, or any change in the interpretation or administration thereof by any domestic or foreign governmental 
authority, central bank or comparable agency charged with the interpretation or administration thereof, (ii) any 
change in or adoption of any other law, rule, regulation or guideline regarding capital adequacy enacted after the 
date hereof, or (iii) compliance by any Lender, or any lending office of any Lender, or the holding company of 
any Lender, with any request or directive regarding capital adequacy (whether or not having the force of law) of 
any such authority, central bank or comparable agency based on any such change or adoption, has or would 
have the effect of reducing the rate of return on any Lender’s capital to a level below that which such Lender 
would have achieved but for such adoption, change or compliance (taking into consideration the policies of such 
Lender with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time Borrower shall pay to Agent such additional 
amounts (without duplication of any other amounts payable pursuant to this Loan Agreement) as will 
compensate Lenders for such actual reduction with respect to any portion of the Loan outstanding. 
(c) Any amount payable by Borrower pursuant to Section 2.11(a) or (b) hereof shall be paid to 
Agent within ten (10) Business Days of receipt by Borrower of a certificate of Agent setting forth the applicable 
law, change or other matter giving rise to such amount as described herein, the amount due, and Agent’s basis 
for the determination of such amount, which statement shall be conclusive and binding upon Borrower absent 
manifest error. Failure on the part of Agent to demand payment from Borrower for any such amount attributable 
to any particular period shall not constitute a waiver of Agent’s right to demand payment of such amount for any 
subsequent or prior period. 
(d) Notwithstanding Sections 2.11(a) and (b) hereof, (i) all requests, rules, guidelines or directions 
under or in connection with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
  
37 
 
Consumer Protection Act shall be deemed not to have been the subject of any request or directive implemented 
or any change having occurred prior to the date hereof and (ii) any change based on the reports and supporting 
documentation of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision of December 2009 entitled “Strengthening the 
Resilience of the Banking Sector” and “International Framework for Liquidity Risk Measurement, Standards 
and Monitoring”, in each case together with any amendments thereto, shall not be deemed to have occurred on 
or prior to the Closing Date. 
SECTION 2.12. Usury. The Note, this Loan Agreement, the Mortgage, and the other Loan 
Documents are subject to the express condition that at no time shall Borrower be obligated or required to pay 
interest on the Obligations at a rate which could subject any Lender to either civil or criminal liability as a result 
of being in excess of the maximum interest rate which Borrower is permitted by law to contract for or to agree 
to pay. If by the terms of the Note, this Loan Agreement, the Mortgage or any other Loan Document, Borrower 
is at any time required or obligated to pay interest at a rate in excess of such maximum rate, the rate of interest 
shall be deemed to be immediately reduced to such maximum rate and, to the extent not prohibited by law, the 
interest payments in excess of such maximum rate and shall be applied and shall be deemed to have been 
payments in reduction of principal. 
SECTION 2.13. Closing. The Closing shall be held pursuant to an escrow with the Title Company. 
SECTION 2.14. Loan Fee Letter. Borrower shall pay to Agent the fees provided for in the Loan 
Fee Letter in accordance with the terms of this Loan Agreement and the Loan Fee Letter. SECTION 2.15. Cash Sweep Provisions. On the third (3rd) Payment Date following any Testing 
Determination Date as of which a Cash Sweep Condition is determined or deemed to exist, and thereafter on 
each of the two (2) immediately succeeding Payment Dates, in addition to all other amounts then due and 
owing, Borrower shall (i) deposit into the Cash Sweep Account an amount (the “Applicable Excess Amount”) 
equal to the lesser of (A) all Excess Cash Flow with respect to the calendar month ending immediately prior to 
the calendar month immediately prior to such applicable Payment Date, as adjusted for seasonal variations in a 
manner and amount reasonably agreed upon by Borrower and Agent, and (B) the Cash Sweep Limit and 
(ii) deliver to Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail Borrower’s calculation of Excess Cash Flow 
and the Applicable Excess Amount; provided, however, that in any event, Borrower shall in addition make a 
deposit into the Cash Sweep Account on the first two (2) Payment Dates following the Closing Date, in each 
th
case in an amount as determined pursuant to the preceding clause (A). On the fifth (5 ) Payment Date following 
each Testing Determination Date as of which a Cash Sweep Condition is determined or deemed to exist (but 
subject to the last sentence of this Section 2.15), all amounts on deposit in the Cash Sweep Account shall be 
applied by Agent to the reduction of the outstanding principal balance of the Loan or, if Agent permits in its sole 
discretion, be disbursed by Agent to pay or reimburse Borrower for operating shortfalls of the Premises for any 
th
month during the period from the applicable Testing Determination Date to such fifth (5 ) following Payment 
Date. Concurrently with any such application to principal, Borrower shall pay to Agent all sums required to be 
paid pursuant to, and shall otherwise comply with, Section 2.4(f) hereof, but no Spread Maintenance 
  
38 
 
Fee shall be applicable. In illustration of the foregoing, in the event that the Testing Determination Date with 
respect to which a Cash Sweep Condition exists would be March 31, (x) the third (3rd) Payment Date following 
such Testing Determination Date would be the first (1st) Business Day of June and the applicable calendar 
month for which Applicable Excess Amount would be deposited on such Payment Date would be April, (y) the 
first immediately succeeding Payment Date thereafter would be the first (1st) Business Day of July and the 
applicable calendar month for which Applicable Excess Amount would be deposited on such Payment Date 
would be May, and (z) the second immediately succeeding Payment Date thereafter would be the first 
(1st) Business Day of August and the applicable calendar month for which Applicable Excess Amount would be 
st
deposited on such Payment Date would be June (and on the first (1 ) Business Day of August, all funds in the 
Cash Sweep Account, including those deposited on that date, will be applied to principal (or disbursed to pay or 
reimburse operating shortfalls) as aforesaid); provided, that, the Applicable Excess Amounts to be deposited on 
the Payment Dates occurring on the first (1st) Business Day of June, July and August would be deposited even 
if no Cash Sweep Condition exists as of the June 30th Testing Determination Date; provided, further, that, in the 
event that a Cash Sweep Condition exists as of the June 30th Testing Determination Date, Borrower shall 
continue to deposit the Applicable Excess Amounts with respect to the applicable calendar months of July, 
August and September on the Payment Dates occurring on the first (1st) Business Day of each of September, 
October and November, respectively. Disbursements from the Cash Sweep Account to reimburse Borrower for 
operating shortfalls as provided above shall be conditioned on, among other things, the absence of any First Tier 
Default or Event of Default and Agent’s receipt of a request for disbursement, in form and substance 
satisfactory to Agent, accompanied by such supporting documentation as Agent shall require. Promptly 
following termination of a Cash Sweep Condition, provided there exists no Event of Default, Agent shall remit 
to Borrower all sums in the Cash Sweep Account. 
SECTION 2.16. FF&E Reserve Account. 
(a) On the Closing Date, Borrower shall cause to be deposited all sums in its pre-existing capital 
reserve or similar account (if any) into an interest-bearing account or sub-account at Agent (the “FF&E Reserve 
Account”). Thereafter, on each Payment Date, and in addition to all other amounts then due and owing, 
Borrower shall (i) deposit into the FF&E Reserve Account, in cash or other immediately available funds, the 
FF&E Reserve Amount for the second (2nd) calendar month immediately prior to such Payment Date (e.g., the 
payment due on March 1, shall be the FF&E Reserve Amount for the preceding January) and (ii) deliver to 
Agent a certificate setting forth in reasonable detail Borrower’s calculation of such FF&E Reserve Amount. 
Interest on the FF&E Reserve Account shall be deposited therein and become part of the funds therein. 
(b) From time to time, but no more frequently than once per calendar month, Borrower may submit 
to Agent a FF&E Disbursement Request with respect to FF&E Expenditures and/or Capital Expenditures. So 
long as the expenditures that are the subject of such FF&E Disbursement Request are Approved FF&E 
Expenditures or Approved Capital Expenditures, Agent shall disburse to Borrower from the available balance of 
the FF&E Reserve Account an amount equal to the Approved FF&E Expenditures and/or Approved Capital Expenditures which were requested in such FF&E Disbursement Request. Additionally, in the event of an 
emergency or other unexpected event at the Premises that requires Borrower to make 
  
39 
 
an emergency Capital Expenditure or FF&E Expenditure in order to protect or secure the Premises, property 
contained therein or the life and safety of Persons at the Premises, or in order to maintain the normal operation 
of the Premises, Borrower may request a disbursement from the FF&E Reserve Account to pay or reimburse 
Borrower for such expenditure to the extent of funds on deposit in the FF&E Reserve Account by submitting a 
FF&E Disbursement Request for same, together with an explanation of the emergency or event, the proposed 
Capital Expenditure or FF&E Expenditure and such other information Agent reasonably 
requests; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not include emergencies or other unexpected events that 
are, or arise from, a Casualty or other insured event (or event that would have been insured if the Insurance 
Policies were in effect) or a Taking. Borrower shall use disbursements from the FF&E Reserve Account solely 
for the purpose of paying those amounts specified in each FF&E Disbursement Request or reimbursing 
Borrower for such amounts. Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence and during the continuance of 
an Event of Default, Agent shall have no obligation to make any disbursement from the FF&E Reserve Account. 
Agent’s concurrence with any FF&E Disbursement Request shall not be deemed to constitute a representation 
that no Default or Event of Default has occurred and/or is continuing or a waiver of any Default or Event of 
Default or any right or remedy resulting therefrom. 
(c) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply any 
funds on deposit in the FF&E Reserve Account as set forth in Section 8.5 hereof and shall have all other rights 
and remedies with respect to the FF&E Reserve Account specified in this Loan Agreement and in any other 
Loan Document, at law and in equity. 
SECTION 2.17. Collection and Operating Accounts. 
(a) Borrower shall cause all Gross Revenue and all other profits, issues, accounts, accounts 
receivable, income, receipts and revenues of Borrower to be paid and deposited directly into the Collection 
Account. If Borrower actually receives any of the foregoing, Borrower shall cause same to be deposited into the 
Collection Account within two (2) Business Days after receipt. Borrower shall deliver to Agent an Account 
Agreement with respect to the Collection Account, executed by Borrower and, if applicable, Property Manager, 
and the depository at which the Collection Account is held if not at Agent. Borrower shall also deliver to Agent 
a Credit Card Servicer Agreement from each credit card company, servicer or agency used by Borrower and/or 
Property Manager, executed by Borrower and/or Property Manager, as applicable, and such credit card 
company, servicer or agency promptly after engaging same. 
(b) Borrower shall not, and shall not permit Property Manager to, close the Collection Account or 
open any additional Collection Account without the prior consent of Agent. Within three (3) Business Days after 
notice from Agent at any time upon the occurrence and during the continuance of or after the occurrence of an 
Event of Default, Borrower shall cause the Collection Account to be held at Agent or another depository bank 
satisfactory to Agent in its sole discretion. 
(c) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing and Agent shall not have 
notified Borrower pursuant to Section 8.5 hereof that Borrower’s right to receive funds from the Collection 
Account is terminated, funds shall be swept from the 
  
40 
 
Collection Account to the Operating Account. Property Manager may from time to time make withdrawals from 
the Operating Account (i) to pay reasonable or necessary expenses incurred by Borrower or Property Manager 
(without duplication) in the ownership, maintenance, use, operation and leasing of the Premises as shown in the 
then-applicable annual operating budget for the Premises, (ii) to pay Debt Service and other sums in respect of 
the Obligations, (iii) to pay for alterations and other Capital Expenditures and FF&E and (iv) to make 
distributions to or to pay or repay loans from Borrower’s members and for any other purposes of Borrower, 
subject, however, to any limitations and prohibitions on withdrawals and use of funds set forth in this Loan 
Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of 
Default and notice from Agent as aforesaid, Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any other Person to, receive 
funds from the Collection Account except as may be approved by Agent in writing. To the extent any funds 
were withdrawn by or on behalf of Borrower or Property Manager from the Collection Account after the occurrence of an Event of Default and notice from Agent as aforesaid, Borrower shall cause the withdrawn 
funds to be redeposited in the Collection Account. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event 
of Default, Agent may apply any funds on deposit in the Collection Account as set forth in Section 8.5 hereof 
and shall have all other rights and remedies with respect to the Collection Account specified in this Loan 
Agreement and in any other Loan Document, at law and in equity. 
(d) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Borrower shall not, and shall not permit 
Property Manager to, make any withdrawals from the Operating Account or use any Gross Revenues or other 
profits, issues, accounts, accounts receivable, income, receipts, revenues or security deposits in contravention of 
this Loan Agreement or any other Loan Document. Borrower shall cause each and every withdrawal from the 
Operating Account by Borrower and Property Manager to be used for the purpose for which such withdrawal 
was made and for no other purpose. 
SECTION 2.18. Tenant Security Account. 
(a) Borrower shall comply with all Legal Requirements and the applicable Lease applicable to any 
security given under any Lease. Subject to the foregoing, Borrower shall deposit or cause to be deposited all 
Security Deposits under the Major Leases into an account with a bank or other financial institution approved by 
Agent (the “Tenant Security Account”) within two (2) Business Days after receipt. 
(b) Borrower may make withdrawals from the Tenant Security Account at such time as no Event of 
Default has occurred and is continuing provided the proceeds are (i) applied in the ordinary course of business 
to sums due under the applicable Lease when the terms of such Lease or applicable Legal Requirements permit 
the application thereof or (ii) returned to the applicable Lessee pursuant to Legal Requirements or the terms of 
the applicable Lease which require Borrower to return such other Security Deposit. After the occurrence and 
during the continuation of an Event of Default, neither Borrower nor any other Person shall have any right to, 
and Borrower covenants that it shall not, and shall not permit Property Manager to, withdraw any amounts from 
the Tenant Security Account or apply any Security Deposits, except as may be approved by Agent. However, if 
an Event of Default exists but Borrower is required pursuant to the terms of the applicable Lease or applicable 
Legal 
  
41 
 
Requirements to return any Security Deposit to the applicable Lessee, Borrower shall deliver a notice to Agent 
certifying same and stating the reason therefor, and Agent shall, at Agent’s option and at Borrower’s sole cost 
and expense, either permit Borrower to return the Security Deposit to the applicable Lessee or, if Agent elects, 
cause such Security Deposit to be returned directly to the applicable Lessee. Upon the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply any funds on deposit in the Tenant Security Account as 
set forth in Section 8.5 hereof and shall have all other rights and remedies with respect to the Tenant Security 
Account specified in this Loan Agreement and in any other Loan Document, at law and in equity, subject to the 
rights of the Lessees under Major Leases in their Security Deposits. Upon payment in full of the Obligations, 
and at Borrower’s sole cost and expense, Agent shall return any Security Deposits held by it to Borrower. 
(c) Borrower shall transfer to the name of Agent and deliver to Agent all original Lease Letters of 
Credit under each Major Lease promptly after receipt of same, together with evidence that all fees payable to the 
issuer on account of such assignment and transfer have been paid. All such Lease Letters of Credit shall be 
transferable by their terms. Borrower hereby grants to Agent and Lenders a security interest in all rights of 
Borrower in and to all Lease Letters of Credit, including all proceeds thereof, as additional security for the 
Obligations. In addition to all other rights and remedies of Agent and Lenders, Agent may, and to the extent 
necessary in order to do so, Borrower hereby grants to Agent, effective from the occurrence and during the 
continuance of an Event of Default, an irrevocable power of attorney, coupled with an interest, and Agent shall 
be entitled to act pursuant to such power following an Event of Default that shall have occurred and be 
continuing by reason of a failure to comply with the terms of this Section 2.18(c), solely to draw upon or 
otherwise realize on each such Lease Letters of Credit in accordance with its terms and those of the applicable 
Lease. 
(d) Borrower shall hold and apply all Lease Letters of Credit and the proceeds thereof subject to the 
same terms and conditions as Security Deposits pursuant to Section 2.18(a) and (b) hereof. Additionally, 
Borrower may draw on any Lease Letter of Credit in its possession if the issuer has elected to cancel or not 
renew such Lease Letter of Credit, provided that the proceeds thereof are held as a Security Deposit in 
accordance with Section 2.18(a) and (b) hereof. If Borrower delivered a Lease Letter of Credit to Agent, and 
(i) Borrower is entitled to make a drawing on such Lease Letter of Credit under the terms of the applicable Lease, such Lease Letter of Credit or applicable Legal Requirements, and (ii) no Event of Default shall have 
occurred and be continuing, Agent shall, at Borrower’s sole cost and expense, re-transfer such Lease Letter of 
Credit to Borrower in trust for the benefit of Agent and subject to Agent’s security interest, provided that 
Borrower delivers to Agent a written request certifying compliance with the conditions set forth in the 
foregoing clauses (i) and (ii), and indicating the applicable Lease and Letter of Credit, the amount of the draw 
and the reasons for such draw. Borrower shall hold any such Lease Letter of Credit solely for the purpose of 
drawing or realizing thereon in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Lease or Lease Letter of Credit 
and Legal Requirements and shall apply the proceeds thereof in the ordinary course of business to sums due 
under the applicable Lease in conformance with the requirements of the terms thereof and applicable Legal 
Requirements. If such draw is to be made because the issuer has elected to cancel or not renew such Lease 
Letter of Credit, a copy of such notice of election to cancel or not renew shall also be delivered to Agent 
together with Borrower’s request. If any proceeds of such Lease Letter of Credit are paid to Agent instead of 
Borrower, Agent shall 
  
42 
 
transfer same to Borrower provided no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing for application as 
provided in Section 2.18(a) and (b) hereof. The original of any such Lease Letters of Credit (to the extent not 
fully drawn) shall be promptly re-assigned, transferred and re-delivered to Agent. Borrower shall promptly 
deposit the proceeds of any such drawing into the Collection Account, unless the drawing is being made to 
liquidate any Lease Letter of Credit because the issuer thereof has elected to cancel or not to renew same or for 
any other reason not arising from a default by the Lessee, in which case Borrower shall deposit such proceeds in 
the Tenant Security Account. If Borrower is required by the terms of the applicable Leases or applicable Legal 
Requirements to return any Lease Letter of Credit previously delivered to Agent to the Lessee, Agent shall, at 
Borrower’s sole cost and expense, re-assign and transfer and deliver possession of such original Lease Letter of 
Credit to Borrower provided Borrower delivers to Agent a written request for same, certifying the foregoing and 
indicating the applicable Lease and Letter of Credit and the reasons for such return. Borrower shall promptly 
return the same to the applicable Lessee. At Agent’s election and at Borrower’s sole cost and expense, instead of 
delivering such Lease Letter of Credit to Borrower, Agent shall return same to the applicable Lessee. If a Lease 
permits a Lessee to re-post a new Lease Letter of Credit, or to amend an existing Lease Letter of Credit, Agent 
will permit same and cooperate with Borrower to effect same, at Borrower’s sole cost and expense. Upon 
payment in full of the Obligations and at Borrower’s sole cost and expense, Agent shall return any Lease Letter 
of Credit held by it to Borrower. 
SECTION 2.19. Accounts. Borrower hereby grants to Agent a security interest in all rights of 
Borrower in and to the Accounts (other than the Operating Account) and all sums on deposit therein as 
additional security for the Obligations. Borrower shall cause all banks or financial institutions other than Agent 
which are holding any Account (other than the Operating Account) to execute and deliver to Agent an Account 
Agreement with respect to such Account. Subject to the rights of Borrower expressly set forth herein to receive 
funds and make and permit others to make withdrawals from the Accounts, Borrower hereby acknowledges and 
agrees that Agent shall have sole dominion and control of the Accounts (other than the Operating Account). 
Borrower shall not close any Account without obtaining the prior written consent of Agent. Borrower shall not 
open any Account in substitution for or in addition to any Account set forth in Schedule 5.11 attached hereto 
without Agent’s prior consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Operating Account and the 
Tenant Security Account, Borrower may open new Account(s) to serve as the Operating Account or the Tenant 
Security Account without Agent’s consent provided that (a) Borrower gives Agent at least ten (10) Business 
Days prior notice of Borrower’s intention to open a new Account, (b) the bank or other financial institution at 
which such Account is to be opened is reasonably acceptable to Agent and (c) with respect to the Tenant 
Security Account only, prior to the opening of such Account, Borrower shall have delivered to Agent an 
Account Agreement with respect to such Account executed by it and Property Manager if applicable and such 
bank or other financial institution. Borrower shall maintain the Accounts and shall pay all fees and charges with 
respect thereto when due, and shall keep in full force and effect the Account Agreement with respect thereto, if 
applicable, except any Account which is closed in accordance with this Section 2.19. All interest earned on 
amounts deposited in any Account shall be re-deposited therein and become part thereof. No funds in any 
Account (other than the Operating Account) not held by Agent may be commingled with any other funds of 
Borrower, Property Manager, any Affiliate of Borrower or Property Manager or any other Person or with any 
funds contained in any other Account not held by 
  
43 
 Agent. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent may apply any funds on 
deposit in the Accounts (other than the Operating Account) as set forth in Section 8.5 hereof and shall have all 
other rights and remedies with respect to the Accounts specified in this Loan Agreement and in any other Loan 
Document, at law and in equity. Neither Agent nor Lenders shall be liable for any loss of interest on or any 
penalty or charge assessed against the funds in, payable on, or credited to any Account as a result of the exercise 
by Agent of any of its rights, remedies or obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, except as 
may arise from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of Agent or any Lender. Upon payment in full of the 
Obligations, at Borrower’s sole cost and expense, (i) if any Account is subject to an Account Agreement, Agent 
shall deliver a notice of termination of its security interest to the financial institution that is the party to such 
Account Agreement and (ii) if any Account is held at Agent, Agent shall release the funds on deposit therein to 
Borrower, free of the security interest provided for herein. 
SECTION 2.20. Extension of Loan. 
(a) Generally. Subject to the conditions set forth in this Section 2.20, Borrower shall have one 
(1) option to extend the Initial Maturity Date. Such option shall be exercisable as provided 
in Section 2.20(b) hereof and shall extend the Initial Maturity Date to July 15, 2023 (such extension period is 
referred to herein as the “Extension Term”). 
(b) Conditions to Extension Term. Borrower’s option to extend the Term for the Extension Term 
as referred to in Section 2.20(a) hereof shall be subject to the following conditions being satisfied by Borrower 
at its sole cost and expense to the satisfaction of Agent, except to the extent that Agent may elect (which 
election may be made without written or express notice of such waiver) to waive any of the following 
conditions, on or prior to the Initial Maturity Date (or such other date as may be expressly provided): 
(i) Borrower shall have delivered to Agent an irrevocable written notice of Borrower’s 
election to so extend the Term no later than ninety (90) days prior to the Initial Maturity Date; 
(ii) The Property Leverage Ratio as of the most recent Testing Determination Date prior to 
the Initial Maturity Date for which Borrower is required to have delivered, as of the Initial Maturity Date, 
quarterly financial statements and a quarterly compliance statement pursuant to Section 7.1(b) and (c) hereof 
shall be no greater than 6.00:1.00 and Borrower shall have delivered to Agent a certificate, in form and 
substance satisfactory to Agent, containing a computation of the Property Leverage Ratio evidencing the same, 
together with such supporting documentation as Agent may reasonably request (it being acknowledged that, if 
necessary, Borrower may make a voluntary prepayment of the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(c) hereof in 
an amount so as to satisfy the condition set forth in this clause (ii)); 
(iii) The Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio as of the most recent Testing Determination 
Date prior to the Initial Maturity Date for which Borrower is required to have delivered, as of the Initial 
Maturity Date, quarterly financial statements and a quarterly compliance statement pursuant 
to Section 7.1(b) and (c) hereof shall be at least 1:40:1.00 and Borrower shall have delivered to Agent a 
certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, 
  
44 
 
containing a computation of the Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio evidencing the same, together with such 
supporting documentation as Agent may reasonably request (it being acknowledged that, if necessary, Borrower 
may make a voluntary prepayment of the Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(c) hereof in an amount so as to 
satisfy the condition set forth in this clause (iii)); 
(iv) The Loan-to-Value Ratio, based on an Appraisal or Appraisal Update, in each case 
dated no more than ninety days (90) days prior to the Initial Maturity Date, shall be no greater than fifty-five 
percent (55%) (it being acknowledged that, if necessary, Borrower may make a voluntary prepayment of the 
Loan in accordance with Section 2.4(c) hereof in an amount so as to satisfy the condition set forth in 
this clause (iv)); 
(v) Borrower shall have taken and completed all action required to be taken to cause an 
Interest Rate Protection Agreement to be in full force and effect which shall cap the Applicable Interest Rate at a 
rate reasonably satisfactory to the Requisite Lenders (after consultation with Borrower and based upon a fixed 
or capped interest rate that would result in an Assumed Debt Service Coverage Ratio of at least 1.40:1.00, 
computed, however, based on pro-forma Net Operating Income for the Extension Term) and otherwise satisfy 
all of the conditions set forth in Section 2.6(a) hereof through and including the expiration of the Extension Term, without regard to any time period set forth in Section 2.6 hereof by which such Interest Rate Protection 
Agreement is required to be in effect or any other action must be completed; 
(vi) No Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and no Cash 
Sweep Condition shall exist, as of the Initial Maturity Date; 
(vii) All representations and warranties made by Borrower and each Guarantor in the Loan 
Documents (and any certificate, document or financial or any other statement furnished pursuant to or in 
connection therewith) shall be true and correct in all material respects on and as of the Initial Maturity Date with 
the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date; provided that to the extent such representations are 
no longer true due to changes in factual circumstances that (x) have been disclosed by notice from Borrower to 
Agent, (y) do not constitute or are not the result of a Default or Event of Default and (z) do not have a Material 
Adverse Effect, then such representations and warranties shall be deemed to be updated to reflect such changes 
in circumstances; 
(viii) Borrower shall have delivered to Agent a Title Continuation, dated as of the first day 
of the Extension Term; 
(ix) Borrower shall have delivered to Agent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the 
Initial Maturity Date current tax lien, Uniform Commercial Code, bankruptcy and judgment searches against 
Borrower, Borrower Member, Guarantors and such other Persons required by Agent in such jurisdictions 
required by Agent, which searches shall be reasonably acceptable in content to Agent; 
(x) Borrower shall have paid to Agent the Extension Fee and all reasonable costs and 
expenses, including Agent’s Counsel Fees, incurred in connection with such extension on or prior to the Initial 
Maturity Date; 
  
45 
 
(xi) Borrower shall have delivered to Agent on or prior to the Initial Maturity Date, a 
certificate of a duly authorized officer of Borrower, satisfactory to Agent, certifying as to the matters set forth 
in clauses (ii) through (ix) above, a certificate from each Guarantor certifying as to its representations and 
warranties as provided in clause (vii) above and any other documents reasonably required by Agent to evidence 
satisfaction of the conditions in this Section 2.20(b); and 
(xii) No material Taking with respect to which Restoration has not been completed or any 
material and adverse modification, realignment or relocation of any streets or roadways abutting the Premises or 
such other property or material denial of access to the Premises or such other property from any point of access 
(public or private), shall have occurred or be threatened in writing or pending. 